
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  59508                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   106108                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               32433889                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490680                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     9.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      535805                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        955385                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        77824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       135936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              301696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       135936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4714                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    266491335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    465483220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    277887346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1033092232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    465483220                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         465702374                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        263204024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    266491335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    465483220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    277887346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1296296256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1220                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.731514                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613482000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.731514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.545720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.545720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1216                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       830000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       830000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    217587848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    217587848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    218417848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    218417848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    218417848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    218417848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        41500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        41500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178937.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178937.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176713.469256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176713.469256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176713.469256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176713.469256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1032200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  98                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10532.653061                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1201                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1201                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       576700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    202946184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    202946184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    203522884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    203522884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    203522884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    203522884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        28835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        28835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166896.532895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166896.532895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164662.527508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164662.527508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164662.527508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164662.527508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           19                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        77824                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           19                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          2059                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1430.367879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          2059                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.286547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           67.678105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        5.407892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.823632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.563595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.735647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    24.713011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     7.627645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    937.782438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    384.035913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.033046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.002641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.457902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.187518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.698422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2426                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          221                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   3890                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             538                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  538                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    3954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2426                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          285                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   3954                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2594                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3778                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                319                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2594                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1374                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4097                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8008018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2913036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232941679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105704963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      349567696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32762191                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32762191                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8008018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2913036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232941679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138467154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       382329887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8008018                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2913036                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232941679                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138467154                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      382329887                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          538                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              538                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          382                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              383                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.690261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.826938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.492697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832461                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.832898                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.690261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.828210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.508881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.690261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.828210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.508881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93116.488372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97101.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89800.184657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100099.396780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92527.182636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103025.757862                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102702.793103                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93116.488372                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97101.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89800.184657                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100776.676856                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93319.474494                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93116.488372                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97101.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89800.184657                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100776.676856                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93319.474494                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 111                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      111                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7537605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2748280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218543131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99916119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328745135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30998010                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30998010                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7537605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2748280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218543131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130914129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    359743145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7537605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2748280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218543131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130914129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    359743145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3190257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3190257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7065629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7065629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10255886                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10255886                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.690261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.826938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.830287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.690261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.828210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.507266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.690261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.828210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.507266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87646.569767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91609.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84249.472244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94617.536932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87292.919543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97478.018868                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97478.018868                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87646.569767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91609.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84249.472244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95279.569869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88085.980656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87646.569767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91609.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84249.472244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95279.569869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88085.980656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1800.931300                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            8.513345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.637232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.114605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1202.249297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    537.416957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          470                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           99                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    592                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             111                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  111                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          470                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          104                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    597                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2124                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3186                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2124                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1269                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3499                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7009492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2588380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203755856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94860070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      308213798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29773574                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29773574                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7009492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2588380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203755856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124633644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       337987372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7009492                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2588380                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203755856                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124633644                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      337987372                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.833333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.818813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.906250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.843303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984227                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.984277                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.833333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.818813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.924253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.854248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.833333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.818813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.924253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.854248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103080.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103535.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95930.252354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99122.330199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96740.049592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95428.121795                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95123.239617                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103080.764706                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103535.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95930.252354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98214.061466                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96595.419263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103080.764706                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103535.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95930.252354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98214.061466                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96595.419263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6065296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2241258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173923342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81497652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263727548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25337828                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25337828                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6065296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2241258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173923342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106835480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289065376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6065296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2241258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173923342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106835480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289065376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2840651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2840651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6324270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6324270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9164921                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9164921                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.818813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.906250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.818813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.924253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.851074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.818813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.924253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.851074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89195.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 89650.320000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81884.812618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85159.510972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83089.964713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81210.987179                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81210.987179                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89195.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 89650.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81884.812618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84188.715524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82921.794607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89195.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 89650.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81884.812618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84188.715524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82921.794607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3247                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.733113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.712658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616681300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.435173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.869991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25711                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25720                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25711                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25720                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4489                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4490                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4489                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4490                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319282004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    319282004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319282004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    319282004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319282004                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    319282004                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.148626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.148626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.148626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71125.418579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71109.577728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71125.418579                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71109.577728                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71125.418579                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71109.577728                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          731                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          731                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249675056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    249675056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249675056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    249675056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249675056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    249675056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66438.279936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66438.279936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66438.279936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66438.279936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66438.279936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66438.279936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           96                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.007868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           96                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.510417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598749124300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.873360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.679585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.687992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          388                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          388                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          388                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          388                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          112                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          112                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4132665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4132665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4132665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4132665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4132665                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4132665                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.224000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.224000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.224000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37914.357798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36898.794643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37914.357798                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36898.794643                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37914.357798                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36898.794643                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3776948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3776948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3776948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3776948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3776948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3776948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34650.899083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34650.899083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34650.899083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34650.899083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34650.899083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34650.899083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2503                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.917786                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.285657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618735300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.816758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.101027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          790                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          790                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          790                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          790                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2513                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2520                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2513                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2520                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34754962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34754962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34754962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     34754962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34754962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     34754962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.761329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.761329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.761329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13830.068444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13791.651587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13830.068444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13791.651587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13830.068444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13791.651587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26969697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26969697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26969697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     26969697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26969697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     26969697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10732.072025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10732.072025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10732.072025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10732.072025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10732.072025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10732.072025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1149                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               425.175873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   25735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.397737                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598701585300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.501380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   424.674493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.829442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.830422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31681                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31681                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17344                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17345                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49025                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49026                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2382                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2383                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          402                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          403                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2784                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2786                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    214805230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214805230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36711237                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36711237                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    251516467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    251516467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    251516467                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    251516467                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17748                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        51812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        51812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022653                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022707                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90178.518052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90140.675619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91321.485075                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91094.880893                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90343.558549                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90278.703159                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90343.558549                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90278.703159                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          538                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              538                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1115                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1115                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111403280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111403280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34296174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34296174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145699454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145699454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145699454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145699454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3329249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3329249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7332862                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7332862                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10662111                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10662111                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022089                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022087                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87238.277212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87238.277212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87490.239796                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87490.239796                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87297.455962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87297.455962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87297.455962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87297.455962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           43911                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        43911                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6825                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        31929                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17692                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       196373                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                210966                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              43911                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17692                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62305                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27237                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4556                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        163639                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          282                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          341                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30200                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4068                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             65                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       447636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.875808                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.349757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          386653     86.38%     86.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2731      0.61%     86.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2486      0.56%     87.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3316      0.74%     88.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5033      1.12%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3660      0.82%     90.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5676      1.27%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2744      0.61%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35337      7.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       447636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050073                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.240570                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          194481                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       174367                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56434                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2211                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20140                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        376505                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20140                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          199593                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         108975                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        51942                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53529                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13454                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        357909                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2830                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8846                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          162                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       394951                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       894701                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       894535                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          166                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       242884                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          152067                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1082                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1078                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36372                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47106                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27289                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3024                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1385                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            332488                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1800                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           295375                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1705                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       109512                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       164110                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          909                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       447636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.659855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.432628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       338164     75.54%     75.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36433      8.14%     83.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23301      5.21%     88.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17877      3.99%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12910      2.88%     95.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9809      2.19%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6459      1.44%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2194      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          489      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       447636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            721     48.20%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           393     26.27%     74.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          382     25.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3258      1.10%      1.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       227574     77.05%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41301     13.98%     92.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23232      7.87%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        295375                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.336823                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1496                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005065                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1042573                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       443878                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       281564                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           62                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           80                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           19                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        293582                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             31                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5035                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17639                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          144                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          166                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9495                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20140                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93433                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1014                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       334288                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47106                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27289                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1395                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           548                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           46                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          166                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1463                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6481                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7944                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       286688                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39177                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8687                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61340                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29417                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22163                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.326917                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                282328                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               281583                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           185265                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           294813                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.321096                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628415                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       118763                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6867                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       427585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.434347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       353507     82.68%     82.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27454      6.42%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13681      3.20%     92.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11654      2.73%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6850      1.60%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3446      0.81%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2022      0.47%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2760      0.65%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6211      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       427585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117128                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        215548                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47261                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29467                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23875                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           213639                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6211                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              755542                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             688900                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2566                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 429307                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117128                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               215548                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117128                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.487048                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.487048                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133564                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133564                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          556784                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         307779                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               28                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         125568                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.186510                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3186509682285                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10785572835795                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  27804                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    48421                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               29342610                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5206400                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                108596.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3019419948                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5258349738                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1763200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            13056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6523008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1230208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     93338816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    471451392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           574319680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     93338816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       93338816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    262099456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        262099456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        27550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       101922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst      1458419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      7366428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              8973745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        4095304                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             4095304                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       553333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                4097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2047070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       386068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     29291866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    147952286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              180234720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     29291866                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          29291866                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         82252835                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              82252835                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         82252835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       553333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               4097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2047070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       386068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     29291866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    147952286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             262487555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    28378                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.979332                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    28394                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.004543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.883667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.095665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.992729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.005979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.998708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            20                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               20                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             69                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                69                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          433                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             586                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27712                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          27972                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            28558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28145                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          413                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           28558                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     18245000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      7221240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     25466240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4963880536                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet     20427000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4984307536                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4982125536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet     27648240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5009773776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4982125536                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet     27648240                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5009773776                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet          202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet          280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27992                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          28627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         28627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.757426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.922835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.928571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999286                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.856846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.997590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.856846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42136.258661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 47197.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43457.747440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179123.864607                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 78565.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178189.172601                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177016.362977                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66944.891041                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175424.531690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177016.362977                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66944.891041                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175424.531690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     34721500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                3265                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10634.456355                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          27881                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               27881                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        27972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        28558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     12853800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      5322600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18176400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4629934688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     17237600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4647172288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4642788488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     22560200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4665348688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4642788488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     22560200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4665348688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.757426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.922835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999286                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.856846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.856846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29685.450346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 34788.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31017.747440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167073.278291                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 66298.461538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166136.575433                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164959.619400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54625.181598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163363.985153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164959.619400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54625.181598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163363.985153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          433                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1773568                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          433                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      47826320                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2004.573294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                       107555440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      47828222                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.248786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7603599121700                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          468.794938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    95.843235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    31.109388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    436.646447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    972.178488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.228904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.015190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.213206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.474697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.978796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     43546484                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2954083                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10151810                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18683014                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               75335391                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        40812312                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             40812312                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2494579                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             2494579                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     20655849                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             20655849                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     43546484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2954083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10151810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     39338863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                95991240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     43546484                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2954083                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10151810                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     39338863                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               95991240                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1427774                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       550154                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11826816                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     25426398                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             39231142                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        13333                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             13333                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      8232901                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            8232901                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1427774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       550154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11826816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     33659299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              47464043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1427774                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       550154                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11826816                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     33659299                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             47464043                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  39833555686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  13854423457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 377091762588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 911988331374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1342768073105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    121307701                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    121307701                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 428764413792                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 428764413792                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  39833555686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  13854423457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 377091762588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1340752745166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1771532486897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  39833555686                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  13854423457                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 377091762588                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1340752745166                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1771532486897                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44974258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3504237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21978626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     44109412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total          114566533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     40812312                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         40812312                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2507912                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2507912                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28888750                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         28888750                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44974258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3504237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21978626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     72998162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total           143455283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44974258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3504237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21978626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     72998162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total          143455283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.156997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.538105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.576439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.342431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005316                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.005316                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.284986                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.284986                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.156997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.538105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.461098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.330863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.156997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.538105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.461098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.330863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 27899.062237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25182.809644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31884.470223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35867.775348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34227.096247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9098.305033                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9098.305033                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52079.384143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52079.384143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 27899.062237                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25182.809644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31884.470223                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39833.056094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37323.674405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 27899.062237                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25182.809644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31884.470223                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39833.056094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37323.674405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks            17095821                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                 17095821                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              1077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           66                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               1077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          466                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           66                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              1077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1427237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       549688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11826808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     25426332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39230065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        13333                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        13333                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8232901                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       8232901                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1427237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       549688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11826808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     33659233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         47462966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1427237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       549688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11826808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     33659233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        47462966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  32094634021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10802270717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 310131461294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 769751681295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122780047327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    905047771                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    905047771                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 383178515252                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 383178515252                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  32094634021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10802270717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 310131461294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1152930196547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1505958562579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  32094634021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10802270717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 310131461294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1152930196547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1505958562579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    158535192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    158535192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    378532158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    378532158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    537067350                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    537067350                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.156864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.538105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.576438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005316                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005316                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.284986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.156864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.538105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.461097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.330855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.031735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.156864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.538105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.461097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.330855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22487.249154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19651.640052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26222.752690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30273.799669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28620.397324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67880.279832                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67880.279832                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46542.344582                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46542.344582                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22487.249154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19651.640052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26222.752690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34253.014516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31729.128824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22487.249154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19651.640052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26222.752690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34253.014516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31729.128824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       8919694                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32405.349896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        47380008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       8951487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          5.292976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7629639124016                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11327.450439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.067574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.136159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.005843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   515.170115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   134.743944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6321.037506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14106.738316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.345686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.192903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.430503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.988933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1325315                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       530466                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10368388                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     21202366                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               33426535                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks        17095821                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total             17095821                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4570                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                4570                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5089850                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              5089850                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1325315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       530466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10368388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     26292216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                38516385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1325315                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       530466                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10368388                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     26292216                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               38516385                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       101922                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19222                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1458420                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4223966                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              5803530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8815                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8815                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3142999                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            3142999                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       101922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1458420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7366965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               8946529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       101922                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19222                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1458420                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7366965                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              8946529                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9508152324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1821989370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 136291409331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 395392634024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   543014185049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74943760                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     74943760                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 291777488810                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 291777488810                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9508152324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1821989370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 136291409331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 687170122834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    834791673859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9508152324                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1821989370                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 136291409331                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 687170122834                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   834791673859                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1427237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       549688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11826808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     25426332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           39230065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     17095821                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total         17095821                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        13385                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           13385                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8232849                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          8232849                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1427237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       549688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11826808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     33659181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            47462914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1427237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       549688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11826808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     33659181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           47462914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.071412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.166126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.147936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.658573                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.658573                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.381763                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.381763                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.071412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.218869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.188495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.071412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.218869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.188495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93288.517925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94786.669962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93451.412714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93606.964172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93566.189035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8501.844583                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8501.844583                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92834.101700                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92834.101700                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93288.517925                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94786.669962                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93451.412714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93277.234632                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93308.999933                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93288.517925                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94786.669962                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93451.412714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93277.234632                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93308.999933                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             4067423                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  4067423                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       101922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1458420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4223966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5803530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8815                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8815                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3142999                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3142999                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       101922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1458420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7366965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          8946529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       101922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1458420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7366965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         8946529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8078414494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1553314877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 115723566672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 335892631211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 461247927254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    687661264                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    687661264                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 246737506983                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 246737506983                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8078414494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1553314877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 115723566672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 582630138194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 707985434237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8078414494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1553314877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 115723566672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 582630138194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 707985434237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    141398005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    141398005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    332786115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    332786115                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    474184120                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    474184120                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.071412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.166126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.658573                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.658573                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.381763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.071412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.218869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.188495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.071412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.218869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.188495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79260.753262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80809.222610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79348.587288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79520.675879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79477.133271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78010.353261                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78010.353261                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78503.845207                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78503.845207                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79260.753262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80809.222610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79348.587288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79086.861169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79135.208106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79260.753262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80809.222610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79348.587288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79086.861169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79135.208106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                         2622                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         6478                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         45                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         67                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    66                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   22846                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       112                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        9100                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            35                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     6583                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    16264                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             14                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                             21                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  39                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              21978799                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               720783940                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              21979311                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 32.793746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    720776092                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      720776092                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    720776092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       720776092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    720776092                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      720776092                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23955045                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     23955045                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23955045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      23955045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23955045                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     23955045                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 669681903325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 669681903325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 669681903325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 669681903325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 669681903325                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 669681903325                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    744731137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    744731137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    744731137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    744731137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    744731137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    744731137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27955.777304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27955.777304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27955.777304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27955.777304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27955.777304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27955.777304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     14321971                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            350                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40919.917143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1976126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1976126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1976126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1976126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1976126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1976126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21978919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     21978919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21978919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     21978919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21978919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     21978919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 525563130849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 525563130849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 525563130849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 525563130849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 525563130849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 525563130849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.029513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.029513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.029513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23912.146491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23912.146491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23912.146491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23912.146491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23912.146491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23912.146491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      3504492                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999302                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs      12342138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      3504508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.521789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12341940                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     12341940                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12341940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     12341940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12341940                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     12341940                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3504701                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      3504701                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3504701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      3504701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3504701                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      3504701                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  57290913163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  57290913163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  57290913163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  57290913163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  57290913163                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  57290913163                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     15846641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15846641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     15846641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     15846641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     15846641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     15846641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.221164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.221164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.221164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16346.876142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16346.876142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16346.876142                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16346.876142                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16346.876142                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16346.876142                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3881                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3881                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3504701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3504701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3504701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3504701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3504701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3504701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  46089308617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46089308617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  46089308617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  46089308617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  46089308617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  46089308617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13150.710608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13150.710608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13150.710608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13150.710608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13150.710608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13150.710608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     44987432                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      88164533                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     44987448                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.959758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     88164047                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     88164047                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     88164047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     88164047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     88164047                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     88164047                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44997680                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     44997680                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44997680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     44997680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44997680                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     44997680                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 566407193471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 566407193471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 566407193471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 566407193471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 566407193471                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 566407193471                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    133161727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total    133161727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    133161727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total    133161727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    133161727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total    133161727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.337918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.337918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.337918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12587.475476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12587.475476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12587.475476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12587.475476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12587.475476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12587.475476                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        62737                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        62737                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44997680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     44997680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44997680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     44997680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     44997680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     44997680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 425429105387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 425429105387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 425429105387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 425429105387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 425429105387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 425429105387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9454.467550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9454.467550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9454.467550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9454.467550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9454.467550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9454.467550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              72998250                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs              1461724442                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              72998762                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 20.023962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data   1086995107                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1086995107                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    371837343                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     371837343                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1458832450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total      1458832450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1458832450                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total     1458832450                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     71046531                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     71046531                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     31430275                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     31430275                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    102476806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total     102476806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    102476806                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total    102476806                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2423569481945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2423569481945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 850498257049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 850498257049                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3274067738994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3274067738994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3274067738994                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3274067738994                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1158041638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1158041638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    403267618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    403267618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1561309256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1561309256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1561309256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1561309256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077939                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.077939                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.065635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.065635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34112.425305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34112.425305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27059.841412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27059.841412                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31949.353876                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31949.353876                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31949.353876                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31949.353876                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     40745694                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         40745694                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     26929801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     26929801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        56379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        56379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     26986180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     26986180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     26986180                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     26986180                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     44116730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     44116730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     31373896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     31373896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     75490626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     75490626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     75490626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     75490626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1205356897981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1205356897981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 731016800128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 731016800128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1936373698109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1936373698109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1936373698109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1936373698109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    165368906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    165368906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    395619455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    395619455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    560988361                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    560988361                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077799                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077799                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27321.990954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27321.990954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23300.160112                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23300.160112                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25650.518491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25650.518491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25650.518491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25650.518491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              9569098145                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       877912470                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    877912470                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     93596092                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    631838482                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       510449843                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   2902788365                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            4830851460                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          877912470                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    510449843                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles           1428910251                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      481574681                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles         116315123                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    3343912418                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       127691                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2614492                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         4194                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        744731448                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     45152038                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1633067                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   8180534950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.036135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.483170                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      6775690806     82.83%     82.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        86803592      1.06%     83.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        83471767      1.02%     84.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3       127974727      1.56%     86.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        97562155      1.19%     87.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5       115878695      1.42%     89.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        89207105      1.09%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        97983021      1.20%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       705963082      8.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   8180534950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.091745                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.504839                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2992838212                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   3429835737                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles       1310644343                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     61354242                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     385862416                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    8274768919                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         3418                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     385862416                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      3124084164                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     2780154627                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     72234224                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles       1228917184                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    589282335                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    8036864155                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      4545883                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      85984144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    475158641                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2500041                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   9005681694                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  20267442008                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  20199831211                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     67610797                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   5920374694                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      3085307114                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3877968                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3874287                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts       1222150451                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1564784322                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    608210237                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     94765836                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     60101641                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        7687253892                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6891628                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       6768872873                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     14451197                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   2371110772                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   3499579579                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2719842                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   8180534950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.827436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.461869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   5375697861     65.71%     65.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1   1059624616     12.95%     78.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    696277022      8.51%     87.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    421098285      5.15%     92.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    288494136      3.53%     95.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    188939448      2.31%     98.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6    105415626      1.29%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     37671830      0.46%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      7316126      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   8180534950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        9130148     31.21%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        29946      0.10%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead      13123393     44.87%     76.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      6966059     23.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     46550251      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   4855689929     71.74%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     10997341      0.16%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1342457541     19.83%     92.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    513177811      7.58%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    6768872873                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.707368                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           29249546                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004321                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  21755746951                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes  10030744954                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   6554509089                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     41632143                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     35603995                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     19407131                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    6730803593                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       20768575                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    151040918                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    510003746                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses      1270031                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation      1146011                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    204948231                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       331206                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2514                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     385862416                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1974167987                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     41004092                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   7694145520                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     46068808                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1564784322                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    608210242                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      6310580                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents      13071294                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      4160065                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents      1146011                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     63957701                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     36366512                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts    100324213                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   6664462115                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts   1309559425                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts    104410758                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1813719884                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       643506972                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         504160459                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.696457                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            6593637614                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           6573916220                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       4570012649                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       7074288970                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.686994                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.646003                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   2475445776                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4171786                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     93890891                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   7795504974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.669859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.709496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   6140973141     78.78%     78.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    594324663      7.62%     86.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    253684710      3.25%     89.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    308100375      3.95%     93.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    113941139      1.46%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     67342426      0.86%     95.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     49603690      0.64%     96.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     34480257      0.44%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    233054573      2.99%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   7795504974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2999763190                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    5221892417                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs            1458042604                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads           1054780589                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             240972                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         548969191                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          15509790                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       5189594684                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    233054573                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         15258791486                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        15782104758                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               25816058                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles             1388563195                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         2999763190                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           5221892417                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   2999763190                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.189951                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.189951                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.313484                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.313484                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads     12994619101                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     7315017727                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         18302190                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        14505869                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     3216116065                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3691737                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            8974                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       554144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       225800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       195431320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        33015944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          229238582                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    195431320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     195431320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         5118                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     24109247                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        25347261                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        69268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        28225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         24428915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          5189529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            29716516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet             213                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         3249640                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            3269117                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               2816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       173903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        70861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           61330841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           10361162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              71940338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      61330841                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         61330841                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       386911                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet              1606                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           7566036                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              7954553                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       387664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              4422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       173903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        70861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          61330841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          17927198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             79894891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        6478                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                        2622                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        67                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        45                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   22                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   44                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  22846                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      112                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       9100                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           35                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   16264                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    6583                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                            21                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            14                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 49                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     9568183455                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  18584547                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    34557220                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            34419445                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                30625                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2775561                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   34419445                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       30625                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          89874917                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         39440648                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              45815                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             18806                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     8461064                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   5204298                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  3256766                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             9527776929.687103                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             40406525.312897                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.004223                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.995777                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
