
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  39333                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    70647                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               20748189                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490164                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    13.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549712                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987348                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              251136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        51968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            51968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            812                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 812                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    183630213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6841991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    432369696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    239469689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              866063648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    432369696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         432811115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        179216025                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             179216025                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        179216025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    183630213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6841991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    432369696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    239469689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1045279673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      829                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.298652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971063623000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.298652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.518666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.518666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            832                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             846                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    146342896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146342896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    146913896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    146913896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    146913896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    146913896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40785.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40785.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175892.903846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175892.903846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173657.087470                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173657.087470                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173657.087470                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173657.087470                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       908800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  91                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9986.813187                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            816                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 816                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       405900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       405900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    136321200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136321200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    136727100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    136727100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    136727100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    136727100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28992.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28992.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163847.596154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163847.596154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161615.957447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161615.957447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161615.957447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161615.957447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           13                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        53248                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           13                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1308                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1344.486997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1434                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.096330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           61.233772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.507680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.349090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.087529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.866266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    17.531678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.546839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    906.342888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    347.021255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.014950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.221275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.084722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.328244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2424                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1222                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          246                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   3975                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             441                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  441                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   48                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2424                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1222                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          294                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4023                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          905                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3346                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1191                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3632                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3467648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       922981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213058322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     87518878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      304967829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28934490                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28934490                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3467648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       922981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213058322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    116453368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       333902319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3467648                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       922981                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213058322                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    116453368                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      333902319                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          441                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              441                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          334                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              334                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.135417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.660556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.786273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.457041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.856287                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.856287                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.135417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.660556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.802020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.474461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.135417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.660556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.802020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.474461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 84576.780488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 70998.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89595.593776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96705.942541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91144.001494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101169.545455                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101169.545455                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 84576.780488                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 70998.538462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89595.593776                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97777.806885                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91933.457874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 84576.780488                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 70998.538462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89595.593776                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97777.806885                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91933.457874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  81                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       81                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3244168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       851429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199865315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82553532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    286514444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27344756                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27344756                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3244168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       851429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199865315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109898288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    313859200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3244168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       851429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199865315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109898288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    313859200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3182451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3182451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7071260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7071260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10253711                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10253711                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.135417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.660556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.786273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.856287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.856287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.135417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.660556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.802020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.473285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.135417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.660556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.802020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.473285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79126.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 65494.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84047.651388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91219.372376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85859.887324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95611.034965                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95611.034965                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79126.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 65494.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84047.651388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92273.961377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86629.643941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79126.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 65494.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84047.651388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92273.961377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86629.643941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1674.369425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           11.309047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.597207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.967275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1142.103361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    482.392613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.051098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          419                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           98                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    532                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              81                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   81                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          419                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          104                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    538                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          807                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2814                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3092                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2966404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186544103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78109203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268360548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26122714                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26122714                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2966404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186544103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104231917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       294483262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2966404                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186544103                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104231917                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      294483262                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           81                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               81                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          284                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              284                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.756098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.615385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.823802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.891713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.841004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.978873                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.978873                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.756098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.615385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.823802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.912532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.851791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.756098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.615385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.823802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.912532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.851791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95690.451613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95224.146503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96789.594796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95366.221748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93966.597122                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93966.597122                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95690.451613                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95224.146503                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96066.282949                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95240.382277                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95690.451613                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95224.146503                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96066.282949                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95240.382277                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2535705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159019276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66851720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229035526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22155066                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22155066                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2535705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159019276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89006786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251190592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2535705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159019276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89006786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251190592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6326336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6326336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9160336                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9160336                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.756098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.615385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.823802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.891713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.838314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.978873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.756098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.615385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.823802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.912532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.849311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.756098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.615385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.823802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.912532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.849311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81796.935484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81173.698826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82839.801735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81652.593939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79694.482014                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79694.482014                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81796.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81173.698826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82033.904147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81476.027246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81796.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81173.698826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82033.904147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81476.027246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3090                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               438.080582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3090                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  8.859547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971067001300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.789859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   437.290724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.854083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.855626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30986                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31005                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30986                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31005                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4266                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4268                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4266                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4268                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294195352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    294195352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294195352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    294195352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294195352                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    294195352                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68962.811064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68930.494845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68962.811064                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68930.494845                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68962.811064                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68930.494845                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          666                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          666                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230380005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230380005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230380005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230380005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230380005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230380005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63994.445833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63994.445833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63994.445833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63994.445833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63994.445833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63994.445833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           88                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.595409                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           149                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           88                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.693182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.330178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.265231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.579077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          208                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          208                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          208                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          208                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           99                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           99                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2139372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2139372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2139372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2139372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2139372                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2139372                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.315789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.322476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.315789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.322476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.315789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.322476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22285.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21609.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22285.125000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21609.818182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22285.125000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21609.818182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1832490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1832490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1832490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1832490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1832490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1832490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19088.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19088.437500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19088.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19088.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19088.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19088.437500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2453                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.672792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2453                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.107216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.736082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.936710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.046005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.808544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.854549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          351                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          351                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          351                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          351                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2466                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2469                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2466                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2469                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30592932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30592932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30592932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30592932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30592932                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30592932                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.875532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.875532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.875532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12405.892944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12390.818955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12405.892944                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12390.818955                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12405.892944                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12390.818955                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22991468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22991468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22991468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22991468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22991468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22991468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9323.385239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9323.385239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9323.385239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9323.385239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9323.385239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9323.385239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   975                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               404.683930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   22887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   975                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.473846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.410575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   404.273355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.789596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.790398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34552                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34552                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20727                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20727                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        55279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           55279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        55279                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          55279                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2337                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2338                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2696                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2697                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    203585628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    203585628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32366644                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32366644                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    235952272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    235952272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    235952272                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    235952272                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        36890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21086                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21086                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        57976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        57976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87114.089859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87076.829769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90157.782730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90157.782730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87519.388724                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87486.938079                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87519.388724                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87486.938079                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          441                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              441                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93435379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93435379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30091754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30091754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123527133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123527133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123527133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123527133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3325123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3325123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7340511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7340511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10665634                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10665634                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016504                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016504                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81107.099826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81107.099826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86470.557471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86470.557471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82351.422000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82351.422000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82351.422000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82351.422000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  825455                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           49068                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        49068                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7364                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35411                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21682                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       196365                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                228424                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              49068                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21682                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                69934                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27855                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1610                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        164847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           21                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          397                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35252                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4332                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             29                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       453349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.960523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.437379                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          385151     84.96%     84.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3036      0.67%     85.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2751      0.61%     86.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3853      0.85%     87.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6230      1.37%     88.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4042      0.89%     89.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6356      1.40%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3351      0.74%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38579      8.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       453349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.059444                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.276725                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          191273                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       176264                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            63867                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1757                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20175                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        418770                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20175                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          196586                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         105985                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        57842                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60233                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12515                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        398170                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7672                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          154                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       436885                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       996520                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       996430                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284799                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          152075                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1344                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1348                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36452                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49393                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30447                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2245                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1122                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            368510                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2116                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           334821                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1582                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       108665                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       154691                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          964                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       453349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.738550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.508211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       331180     73.05%     73.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        39564      8.73%     81.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        26006      5.74%     87.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19829      4.37%     91.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14896      3.29%     95.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10757      2.37%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7960      1.76%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2627      0.58%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          530      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       453349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            888     50.95%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           435     24.96%     75.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          420     24.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4114      1.23%      1.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259255     77.43%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44738     13.36%     92.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26704      7.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        334821                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.405620                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1743                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005206                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1127208                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       479390                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       319342                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        332436                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5492                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16215                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          124                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9315                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20175                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92322                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          913                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       370626                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49393                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30447                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1744                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           494                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1829                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6614                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8443                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       324703                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42485                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68091                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33810                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25606                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.393362                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                320105                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               319351                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208227                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           339344                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.386879                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613616                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       117321                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7414                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       433322                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.584512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.550254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       348277     80.37%     80.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30330      7.00%     87.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16369      3.78%     91.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13242      3.06%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8143      1.88%     96.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3431      0.79%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2330      0.54%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2819      0.65%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8381      1.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       433322                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133903                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253282                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54306                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33175                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27947                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251235                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8381                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              795342                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             761622                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2336                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 372106                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                1826                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133903                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253282                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133903                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.164574                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.164574                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.162217                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.162217                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          644424                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         348352                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         139733                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003931                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003930678700                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975433457109                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  30077                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    57997                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4368541885                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4578440                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4579.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   137726594                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     265572444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           606208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        11904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       463616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1440640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             3587904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       463616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         463616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1832320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          1832320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              9472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        22510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                56061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          28630                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               28630                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               30304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        72018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 179360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23176                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23176                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            91598                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 91598                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            91598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              30304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        72018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                270958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    28847                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.966899                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       8575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    28861                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.297114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.063569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.903330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.003973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.931458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.935431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           2711                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              2711                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           341                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              341                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            3052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               3052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           3052                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              3052                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        15844                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16104                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        18159                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          34799                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         34003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            50903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        34003                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           50903                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11394000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    644995035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    656389035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2924024920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1186563000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4110587920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2935418920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1831558035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4766976955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2935418920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1831558035                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4766976955                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        18555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         18815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        18500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        37055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          53955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        37055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         53955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.855913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.981568                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.990296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.943434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.943434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43823.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40709.103446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40759.378726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175722.651442                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 65342.970428                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118123.736889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173693.427219                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53864.601212                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93648.251675                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173693.427219                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 53864.601212                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93648.251675                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21384500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1873                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11417.245061                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          26006                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               26006                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        15844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        18159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34799                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        34003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        34003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      8094100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    447889300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    455983400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2723476576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    961789800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3685266376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2731570676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1409679100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4141249776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2731570676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1409679100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4141249776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.853894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.981568                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990296                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.917636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 31131.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28268.701086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28314.915549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163670.467308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 52964.909962                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105901.502227                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161631.400947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41457.491986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81355.711373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161631.400947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41457.491986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81355.711373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        487533                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3155.046767                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         4587528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        490743                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          9.348127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          419.189103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.326510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.791841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2165.341292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    545.397995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.102341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.528648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.133154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.770275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       728378                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15586                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3371856                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       256262                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                4372082                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          253839                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               253839                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20932                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               20932                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        74276                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                74276                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       728378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3371856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       330538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 4446358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       728378                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15586                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3371856                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       330538                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                4446358                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3596                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          724                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       322999                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       120227                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               447546                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        12355                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             12355                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        36018                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              36018                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       322999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       156245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                483564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3596                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          724                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       322999                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       156245                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               483564                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91606054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21451301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7472547007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4034917511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    11620521873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    334208041                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    334208041                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2054560496                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2054560496                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91606054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21451301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7472547007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6089478007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     13675082369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91606054                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21451301                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7472547007                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6089478007                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    13675082369                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       731974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3694855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       376489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            4819628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       253839                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           253839                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        33287                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           33287                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       110294                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           110294                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       731974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3694855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       486783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             4929922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       731974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3694855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       486783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            4929922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.044390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.092859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.371166                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.371166                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.326564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.044390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.320975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.098088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.044390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.320975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.098088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25474.431034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29628.868785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23134.892080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33560.826695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25964.977618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27050.428248                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27050.428248                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57042.603587                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57042.603587                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25474.431034                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29628.868785                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23134.892080                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38973.906410                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28279.777587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25474.431034                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29628.868785                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23134.892080                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38973.906410                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28279.777587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks               71102                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                    71102                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       322998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       120217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          447519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12355                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        12355                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        36018                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         36018                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       322998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       156235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           483537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       322998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       156235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          483537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     72154846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17448093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5626009872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3364896536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9080509347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    751733421                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    751733421                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1852762626                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1852762626                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     72154846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17448093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5626009872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5217659162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10933271973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     72154846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17448093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5626009872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5217659162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10933271973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3382488153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3382488153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4930606015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4930606015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8313094168                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8313094168                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.043838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.371166                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.371166                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.043838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.320954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.098082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.043838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.320954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20104.443020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24402.927273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17418.095072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27990.188875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20290.779491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60844.469527                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60844.469527                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51439.908546                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51439.908546                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20104.443020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24402.927273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17418.095072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33396.224674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22611.034880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20104.443020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24402.927273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17418.095072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33396.224674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22611.034880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          6557                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     29861.868141                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          469049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         37008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         12.674260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10318.792590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker               3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.151484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data                     1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   150.992435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    52.629826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8721.417971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  10609.883835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.314905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.266157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.323788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.911312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3403                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          642                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       315753                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        91879                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 411677                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks           71102                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                71102                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          290                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 290                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        18947                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                18947                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       315753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       110826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  430624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3403                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          642                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       315753                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       110826                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 430624                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          186                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7245                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28338                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                35842                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16192                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16192                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        12944                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              12944                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        41282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 48786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          186                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7245                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        41282                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                48786                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17436243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6825399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    678282115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1693448380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2395992137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    264272753                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    264272753                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1115678942                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1115678942                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17436243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6825399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    678282115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2809127322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      3511671079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17436243                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6825399                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    678282115                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2809127322                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     3511671079                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       322998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       120217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             447519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        71102                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total            71102                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16482                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           16482                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        31891                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            31891                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       322998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       152108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              479410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       322998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       152108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             479410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.235724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.080090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.982405                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.982405                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.405883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.405883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.271399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.101763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.271399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.101763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93743.241935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93498.616438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93620.719807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59758.923707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66848.728782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16321.192750                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16321.192750                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86192.748918                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86192.748918                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93743.241935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93498.616438                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93620.719807                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68047.268107                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71981.123253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93743.241935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93498.616438                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93620.719807                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68047.268107                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71981.123253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                2624                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     2624                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16192                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16192                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12944                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         12944                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            48786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           48786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14833346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5803521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    576214555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1294632171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1891483593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    861610202                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    861610202                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    930113339                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    930113339                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14833346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5803521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    576214555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2224745510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2821596932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14833346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5803521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    576214555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2224745510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2821596932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3014536248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3014536248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4380835750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4380835750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7395371998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7395371998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.235724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.982405                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982405                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.405883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.271399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.101763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.102098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.022430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.271399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79749.172043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79500.287671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79532.719807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45685.375503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52772.824982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53212.092515                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53212.092515                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71856.716548                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71856.716548                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79749.172043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79500.287671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79532.719807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53891.417809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57836.201615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79749.172043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79500.287671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79532.719807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53891.417809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57836.201615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       297436                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       374741                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       4294                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       3618                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  2485                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  3613                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  268818                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      7912                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                      672177                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           396                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   118951                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   149867                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            215                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            181                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                7709                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               3694856                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                 9848271                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               3695368                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.665031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9840686                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        9840686                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9840686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         9840686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9840686                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        9840686                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3844169                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3844169                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3844169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       3844169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3844169                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      3844169                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48463999631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48463999631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48463999631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  48463999631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  48463999631                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  48463999631                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13684855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13684855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13684855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13684855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13684855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13684855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.280907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.280907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.280907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12607.145948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12607.145948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12607.145948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12607.145948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12607.145948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12607.145948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       110562                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        36854                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       149305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       149305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       149305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       149305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       149305                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       149305                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3694864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3694864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3694864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3694864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3694864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3694864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33633340833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33633340833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33633340833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33633340833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33633340833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33633340833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.269997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.269997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.269997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.269997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9102.727687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9102.727687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9102.727687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9102.727687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9102.727687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9102.727687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        16363                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999828                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         76154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        16379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.649490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972585685300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        75651                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        75651                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        75651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        75651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        75651                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        75651                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16567                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        16567                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        16567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16567                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        16567                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    305927964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    305927964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    305927964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    305927964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    305927964                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    305927964                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        92218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        92218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        92218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.179650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.179650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.179650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.179650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.179650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.179650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18466.105149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18466.105149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18466.105149                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18466.105149                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18466.105149                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18466.105149                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           51                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           51                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    254644905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    254644905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    254644905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    254644905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    254644905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    254644905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.179650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.179650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.179650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15370.610551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15370.610551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15370.610551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15370.610551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15370.610551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15370.610551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       732426                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         46800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       732442                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.063896                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        46453                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        46453                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        46453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        46453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        46453                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        46453                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       732671                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       732671                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       732671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       732671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       732671                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       732671                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11002305775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11002305775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11002305775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  11002305775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11002305775                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  11002305775                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       779124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       779124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       779124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       779124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       779124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       779124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.940378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.940378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.940378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.940378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.940378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.940378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15016.707055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15016.707055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15016.707055                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15016.707055                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15016.707055                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15016.707055                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          118                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          118                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       732671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       732671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       732671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       732671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       732671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       732671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8764638876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8764638876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8764638876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8764638876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8764638876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8764638876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.940378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.940378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.940378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.940378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.940378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.940378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11962.584674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11962.584674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11962.584674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11962.584674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11962.584674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11962.584674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                478220                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.988313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                29191682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                478732                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 60.977085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.988313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18278448                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       18278448                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     10847963                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      10847963                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     29126411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        29126411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     29126411                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       29126411                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       593795                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       593795                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       143954                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       143954                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       737749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        737749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       737749                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       737749                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16365501754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16365501754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4684158798                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4684158798                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  21049660552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21049660552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  21049660552                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21049660552                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18872243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18872243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10991917                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10991917                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     29864160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29864160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     29864160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29864160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27560.861499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27560.861499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32539.275032                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32539.275032                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28532.279342                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28532.279342                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28532.279342                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28532.279342                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       253670                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           253670                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       216810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       216810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       217765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       217765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       217765                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       217765                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       376985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       376985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       142999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       142999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       519984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       519984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       519984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       519984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8142800748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8142800748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4152532460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4152532460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12295333208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12295333208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12295333208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12295333208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3529313989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3529313989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5130042732                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5130042732                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8659356721                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8659356721                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013009                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013009                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21599.800385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21599.800385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29038.891601                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29038.891601                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23645.599111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23645.599111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23645.599111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23645.599111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               228260898                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17346296                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17346296                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2382685                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14972352                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         8977042                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    114220355                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              82693791                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17346296                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      8977042                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             27702641                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        7891111                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            330429                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      49164022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       160235                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       116223                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13684857                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1646059                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          13331                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    197056802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.821003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.263276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       170156845     86.35%     86.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         2583472      1.31%     87.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1260333      0.64%     88.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2006961      1.02%     89.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         1669179      0.85%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1919147      0.97%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1932971      0.98%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1434151      0.73%     92.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14093743      7.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    197056802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.075993                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.362278                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       112690791                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     52773129                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         25759072                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       470950                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5362860                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     158244204                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5362860                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       114243223                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        7303138                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     42818803                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         24686543                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      2642235                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     153324501                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        15548                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        164459                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      1306726                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5592                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    168721319                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    382542438                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    379717405                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      2825033                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    129826244                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        38895193                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1019994                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1041754                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         10076073                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22552554                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13605483                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1653198                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1001890                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         146147006                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1300826                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        138464532                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       302865                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     27390535                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38501520                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       339077                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    197056802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.702663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.453047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    144177359     73.17%     73.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18308588      9.29%     82.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12231703      6.21%     88.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7930808      4.02%     92.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6028589      3.06%     95.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4239486      2.15%     97.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2660916      1.35%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1211992      0.62%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       267361      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    197056802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         282173     34.26%     34.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     34.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     34.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        27769      3.37%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        298391     36.23%     73.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       215288     26.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1214074      0.88%      0.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102380018     73.94%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       762236      0.55%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21403244     15.46%     90.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     12704960      9.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     138464532                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.606606                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             823621                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005948                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    473454825                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173438261                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133561519                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1906988                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1422595                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       866393                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     137112803                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         961276                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1868821                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4638873                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        31986                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        23161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2576753                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        45479                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5362860                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        5919421                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        73068                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147447832                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1351353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22552554                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13605483                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1174591                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         25169                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         6532                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        23161                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       949486                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1722569                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2672055                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    136031485                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20807625                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2433047                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            33228151                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13761790                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12420526                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.595947                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             134663396                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            134427912                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         86582636                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        134310095                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.588922                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644647                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     30512209                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       961749                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2390186                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    191796107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.608728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.536470                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    151243397     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14635194      7.63%     86.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7385192      3.85%     90.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7506234      3.91%     94.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3762481      1.96%     96.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1583092      0.83%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1260351      0.66%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1061449      0.55%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3358717      1.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    191796107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     60614795                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     116751649                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              28942426                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             17913692                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             100750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12209614                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            693777                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        115613386                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      3358717                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           335427738                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          299904553                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                1627921                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               31204096                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59842220244                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           60614795                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            116751649                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     60614795                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.765762                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.765762                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.265550                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.265550                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       267802900                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      145737918                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          1539687                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          817811                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       62652714                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        980432                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          588181                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       257720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        65456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       811231328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       138362909                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          950511378                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    811231328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     811231328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet       510876                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     92054750                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        95527034                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            19126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        32215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        101403916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         21723208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           123187370                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           18083                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        13518697                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           13583052                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              29403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           40553596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            6916786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              47516230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      40553596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         40553596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             25539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4601833                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              4775413                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             54942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        12883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          40553596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          11518619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             52291644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      374741                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      297436                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      3618                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      4294                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 2714                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 4289                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 268818                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     7912                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                     672177                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          396                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  149867                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  118951                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           181                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           215                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               6807                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072389890                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  76030338                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   146896220                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           145668257                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               484794                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      9958584                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  145668257                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      484794                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         372675099                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        164806107                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             808286                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            395129                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    35296115                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  21743496                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 13552619                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59900634657.155220                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             171755232.844781                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002859                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997141                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
