
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  83934                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   149655                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               45724456                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     6.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536062                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        955806                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        80768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              305984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        78720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            78720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4781                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1230                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1230                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    276572422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15340784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    467455607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    279859733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1047775554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    467455607                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         467674761                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        269559492                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             269559492                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        269559492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    276572422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15340784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    467455607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    279859733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1317335046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1258                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.665757                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1258                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598614694000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.665757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.541610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.541610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1271                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1271                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1291                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       860000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       860000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232497840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    232497840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233357840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    233357840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233357840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    233357840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        43000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        43000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182925.129819                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182925.129819                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180757.428350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180757.428350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180757.428350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180757.428350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1219800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 133                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9171.428571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1238                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1238                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       611600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       611600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    217397784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    217397784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    218009384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    218009384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    218009384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    218009384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        30580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171044.676633                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171044.676633                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168868.616576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168868.616576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168868.616576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168868.616576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           20                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        81920                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           20                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           256                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1821.025884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.425781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           88.990745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.936337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.111810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.063681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1169.809403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    512.114042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.021726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.285598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.125028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.444586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2316                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2017                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          560                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4985                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             667                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  667                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2316                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2017                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          654                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5079                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2163                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          966                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3237                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2163                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1279                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3551                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8037591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2883811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    224359675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103600982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      338882059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32757399                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32757399                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8037591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2883811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    224359675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136358381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       371639458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8037591                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2883811                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    224359675                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136358381                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      371639458                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          667                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              667                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          407                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              408                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.633028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.393700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.769042                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.769608                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.661666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.411472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.661666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.411472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 114822.728571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 110915.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103726.155802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107247.393375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104690.163423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104656.226837                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104322.926752                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 114822.728571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 110915.807692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103726.155802                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106613.276779                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104657.690228                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 114822.728571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 110915.807692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103726.155802                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106613.276779                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104657.690228                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  12                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       12                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7653391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2741511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212413235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98311282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    321119419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       189460                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       189460                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31019899                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31019899                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7653391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2741511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212413235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129331181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    352139318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7653391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2741511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212413235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129331181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    352139318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3185930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3185930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7059495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7059495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10245425                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10245425                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.633028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.769042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.767157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.661666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.409965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.517464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.661666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.409965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109334.157143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105442.730769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98203.067499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101771.513458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99571.912868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        94730                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94730                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99105.108626                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99105.108626                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109334.157143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105442.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98203.067499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101118.984363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99530.615602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109334.157143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105442.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98203.067499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101118.984363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99530.615602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1785.389583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.760441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    30.977428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.143622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1198.244319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    534.263908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     32                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              12                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   12                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           30                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     32                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2133                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          964                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3205                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2133                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3519                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7413891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2652411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204721133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94919386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      309706821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29969451                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29969451                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7413891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2652411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204721133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124888837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       339676272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7413891                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2652411                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204721133                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124888837                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      339676272                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           12                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               12                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.990114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.990988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.990988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105912.728571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102015.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95978.027661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98464.093361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96632.393448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95749.044728                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95444.111465                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105912.728571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102015.807692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95978.027661                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97798.619421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96526.363171                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105912.728571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102015.807692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95978.027661                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97798.619421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96526.363171                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6444923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2291584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174767758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81475102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264979367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25523721                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25523721                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6444923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2291584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174767758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106998823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    290503088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6444923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2291584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174767758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106998823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    290503088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2837881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2837881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9154381                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9154381                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.987328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92070.328571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 88137.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81935.188936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84517.740664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82987.587535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81545.434505                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81545.434505                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92070.328571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 88137.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81935.188936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83789.211433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82858.838562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92070.328571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 88137.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81935.188936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83789.211433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82858.838562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3669                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               428.394305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3669                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.956936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598738589670                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.194102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   428.200203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.836329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.836708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25595                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25604                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25595                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25604                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4898                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4899                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4898                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4899                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319117986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    319117986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319117986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    319117986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319117986                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    319117986                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.160607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.160607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.160607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65152.712536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65139.413350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65152.712536                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65139.413350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65152.712536                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65139.413350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          718                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          718                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248806704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    248806704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248806704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    248806704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248806704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    248806704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59523.134928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59523.134928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59523.134928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59523.134928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59523.134928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59523.134928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          105                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.333500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          105                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.838095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598748056300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.135118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    11.198383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.699899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.708344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          545                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          545                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          545                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          545                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          121                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4377798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4377798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4377798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4377798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4377798                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4377798                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.181682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.181682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.181682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37099.983051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36180.148760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37099.983051                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36180.148760                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37099.983051                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36180.148760                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4004768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4004768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4004768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4004768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4004768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4004768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.177177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.177177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.177979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.177177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33938.711864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33938.711864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33938.711864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33938.711864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 33938.711864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33938.711864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2377                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.906627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.314682                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598620003300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.823959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.082668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.931664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          778                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          778                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          778                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          778                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2387                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2394                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2387                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2394                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35877895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35877895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35877895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     35877895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35877895                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     35877895                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.754729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.754729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.754729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15030.538333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14986.589390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15030.538333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14986.589390                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15030.538333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14986.589390                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28500660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28500660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28500660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28500660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28500660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28500660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11939.949728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11939.949728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11939.949728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11939.949728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11939.949728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11939.949728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1439                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               367.927644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   35240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.489229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.445017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   367.482628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.717740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.718609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31714                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31714                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17337                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17338                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49051                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49052                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2780                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2781                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          423                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3202                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3204                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    218551499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218551499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37119877                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37119877                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255671376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    255671376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255671376                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    255671376                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17759                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17761                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.080594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023763                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023816                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78615.647122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78587.378281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87961.793839                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87753.846336                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79847.400375                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79797.558052                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79847.400375                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79797.558052                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          667                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              667                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112984316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112984316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34608729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34608729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    147593045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147593045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    147593045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147593045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3325944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3325944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7328989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7328989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10654933                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10654933                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023087                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023084                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74039.525557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74039.525557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84411.534146                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84411.534146                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76236.076963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76236.076963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76236.076963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76236.076963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44347                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44347                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6908                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33732                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17795                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       202778                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                212074                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44347                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17795                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62714                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27848                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4862                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        164530                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          319                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          772                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30493                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4228                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             57                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       456577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.863353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.334682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          395210     86.56%     86.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2785      0.61%     87.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2533      0.55%     87.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3289      0.72%     88.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4988      1.09%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3756      0.82%     90.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5807      1.27%     91.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2777      0.61%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35432      7.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       456577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050571                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.241840                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          200699                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       176148                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56949                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2176                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20602                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        378943                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20602                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          205843                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         108858                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        53746                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53967                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13558                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        360468                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2947                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8904                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       397391                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       901080                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       900930                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          150                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       243385                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          153874                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1041                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1037                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36537                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47666                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27562                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3124                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1456                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            334837                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1738                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           297176                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1674                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       111451                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       166964                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          847                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       456577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.650878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.422371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       346035     75.79%     75.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36984      8.10%     83.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23567      5.16%     89.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18145      3.97%     93.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12930      2.83%     95.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9751      2.14%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6475      1.42%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2222      0.49%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          468      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       456577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            728     46.76%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           426     27.36%     74.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          403     25.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3175      1.07%      1.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       228848     77.01%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41753     14.05%     92.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23390      7.87%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        297176                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.338887                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1557                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005239                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1055108                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       448116                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       283220                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        295529                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5013                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18057                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          171                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9750                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           23                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20602                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91958                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1017                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       336575                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5431                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47666                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27562                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1359                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           555                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           48                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          171                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1475                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6603                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8078                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       288530                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39586                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8646                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61924                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29576                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22338                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329028                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                284056                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               283237                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           186255                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           296036                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322992                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629163                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       120477                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7010                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       436064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.425103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       361955     83.01%     83.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27454      6.30%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13676      3.14%     92.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11693      2.68%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6782      1.56%     96.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3422      0.78%     97.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2008      0.46%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2794      0.64%     98.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6280      1.44%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       436064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117385                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        215969                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47384                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29577                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23931                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214055                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6280                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              766087                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             693772                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2752                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 420340                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117385                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               215969                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117385                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.470435                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.470435                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133861                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133861                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          559468                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         309342                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126592                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.002286                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5002286176530                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12601349330040                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  27423                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    48279                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              259105225                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4710940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 19306.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   529428379                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     932067159                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      2990080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1228608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       223360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     17220928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     91807808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           113472448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     17220928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       17220928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     53873728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         53873728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        19197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       269077                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1434497                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              1773007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         841777                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              841777                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       597743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       245609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      3442612                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     18353170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               22684118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      3442612                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           3442612                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         10769821                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              10769821                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         10769821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       597743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       245609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      3442612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     18353170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              33453939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    47485                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   13.977544                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         15                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    47498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.000316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.978186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         4.999357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.561137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.312460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.873596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          730                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             756                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           34                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          46754                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet            60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            47510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47450                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet           60                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           47510                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     31090000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1225381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32315381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8548515160                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      2586000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8551101160                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8579605160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      3811381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   8583416541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8579605160                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      3811381                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   8583416541                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           36                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        46756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet           67                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          47517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet           67                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         47517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.838710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.993430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.944444                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999957                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.895522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.895522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42589.041096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 47130.038462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42745.212963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182973.355308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 76058.823529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182895.605937                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180813.596628                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 63523.016667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180665.471290                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180813.596628                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 63523.016667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180665.471290                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     56321700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                5548                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10151.712329                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          46745                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               46745                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        46754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet           60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        47510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet           60                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     22082800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet       902300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22985100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   7985579992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2167700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7987747692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8007662792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      3070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8010732792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8007662792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      3070000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8010732792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.838710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999957                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.895522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.895522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30250.410959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 34703.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30403.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170924.229281                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 63755.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170846.295333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168760.016691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 51166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168611.508988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168760.016691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 51166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168611.508988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          730                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2990080                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          730                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       5795115                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4060.494329                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        19089629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       5799144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          3.291801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7625647597600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          662.806656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.001910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    34.719123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    12.898219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1422.368885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1927.698344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.161818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.347258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.470629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.991332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6906271                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       646075                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2957977                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4901476                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               15411799                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4794223                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              4794223                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       264558                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              264558                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       982602                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               982602                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6906271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       646075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2957977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      5884078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                16394401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6906271                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       646075                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2957977                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5884078                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               16394401                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119111                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41890                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1351970                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3155593                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              4668564                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3687                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3687                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1111976                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1111976                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1351970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4267569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               5780540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119111                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41890                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1351970                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4267569                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              5780540                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4155708199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1219833947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  51313084907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 133597378741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   190286005794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88051622                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     88051622                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75826828365                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  75826828365                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4155708199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1219833947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  51313084907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 209424207106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    266112834159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4155708199                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1219833947                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  51313084907                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 209424207106                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   266112834159                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7025382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       687965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4309947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8057069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           20080363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4794223                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          4794223                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       268245                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          268245                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2094578                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          2094578                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7025382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       687965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4309947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10151647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            22174941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7025382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       687965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4309947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10151647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           22174941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.313686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.391655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.232494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013745                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.013745                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.530883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.530883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.313686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.420382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.260679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.313686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.420382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.260679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34889.373769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29119.931893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37954.307349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42336.695113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40759.001225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23881.644155                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23881.644155                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68191.065603                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68191.065603                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34889.373769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29119.931893                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37954.307349                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49073.420279                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46035.981787                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34889.373769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29119.931893                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37954.307349                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49073.420279                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46035.981787                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             2189105                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  2189105                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                39                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1351965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3155579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4668525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3687                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3687                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1111976                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1111976                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1351965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4267555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          5780501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1351965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4267555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         5780501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3507282896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    988682902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  43664125442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 115948453317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 164108544557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    300779450                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    300779450                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  69606244403                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  69606244403                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3507282896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    988682902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  43664125442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 185554697720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 233714788960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3507282896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    988682902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  43664125442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 185554697720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 233714788960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     98223779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     98223779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    300080849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    300080849                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    398304628                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    398304628                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.313685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.391653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013745                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013745                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.530883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.530883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.313685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.420381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.260677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.313685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.420381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.260677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29446.735647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23610.337958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32296.786856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36743.955172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35152.118615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81578.369948                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81578.369948                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62596.894540                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62596.894540                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29446.735647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23610.337958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32296.786856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43480.329538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40431.580059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29446.735647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23610.337958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32296.786856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43480.329538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40431.580059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       1699712                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32551.571062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         5130731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       1732279                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.961839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7625475973001                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10368.592515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.031665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.019144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.003343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   349.926137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   114.739830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4865.807387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  16852.450707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.316424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.148493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.514296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.993395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        99909                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38385                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1082887                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2368471                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                3589652                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         2189105                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              2189105                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          621                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 621                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       464303                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               464303                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        99909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1082887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      2832774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 4053955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        99909                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38385                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1082887                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2832774                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                4053955                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        19197                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3490                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       269078                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       787108                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              1078873                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3138                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3138                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       647601                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             647601                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        19197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       269078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1434709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               1726474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        19197                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3490                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       269078                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1434709                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              1726474                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1790705068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    332306813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25169242910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73642390168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   100934644959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22416335                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     22416335                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  60154750325                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  60154750325                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1790705068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    332306813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25169242910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 133797140493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    161089395284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1790705068                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    332306813                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25169242910                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 133797140493                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   161089395284                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1351965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3155579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            4668525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2189105                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          2189105                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3759                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3759                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1111904                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1111904                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1351965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4267483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             5780429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       119106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1351965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4267483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            5780429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.161176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.199027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.249434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.231095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.834796                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.834796                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.582425                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.582425                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.161176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.199027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.298676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.161176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.199027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.298676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93280.464031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95216.851862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93538.835988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93560.718692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93555.631626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7143.510198                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7143.510198                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92888.600118                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92888.600118                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93280.464031                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95216.851862                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93538.835988                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93257.336849                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93305.427874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93280.464031                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95216.851862                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93538.835988                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93257.336849                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93305.427874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              795032                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   795032                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        19197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       269078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       787108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1078873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3138                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3138                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       647601                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        647601                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        19197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       269078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1434709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          1726474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        19197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       269078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1434709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         1726474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1521420455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    283560246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  21375441865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  62549221058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  85729643624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    245544681                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    245544681                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50854822901                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  50854822901                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1521420455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    283560246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  21375441865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 113404043959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 136584466525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1521420455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    283560246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  21375441865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 113404043959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 136584466525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     87696784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     87696784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    264075678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    264075678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    351772462                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    351772462                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.161176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.199027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.249434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.834796                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.834796                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.582425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.582425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.161176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.199027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.298676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.161176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.199027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79253.031984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81249.354155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79439.574640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79467.139272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79462.219950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78248.782983                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78248.782983                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78528.017871                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78528.017871                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79253.031984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81249.354155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79439.574640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79043.237311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79111.800424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79253.031984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81249.354155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79439.574640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79043.237311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79111.800424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          464                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                          708                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                          8                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                          8                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     7                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    1874                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        16                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        1172                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                             3                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                      742                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     1132                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  13                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               4309955                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               120448704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               4310467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 27.943307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    120443455                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      120443455                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    120443455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       120443455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    120443455                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      120443455                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4660745                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      4660745                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4660745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       4660745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4660745                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      4660745                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 113466358326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 113466358326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 113466358326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 113466358326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 113466358326                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 113466358326                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    125104200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    125104200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    125104200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    125104200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    125104200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    125104200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.037255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.037255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.037255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24345.111849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24345.111849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24345.111849                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24345.111849                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24345.111849                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24345.111849                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2602640                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets             64                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40666.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       350765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       350765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       350765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       350765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       350765                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       350765                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4309980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4309980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4309980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4309980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4309980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4309980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  86973984125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  86973984125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  86973984125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  86973984125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  86973984125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  86973984125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20179.672324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20179.672324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20179.672324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20179.672324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20179.672324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20179.672324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       688094                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.101672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       2334565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       688109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.392726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.101672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.943854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.943854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2334337                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      2334337                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2334337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      2334337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2334337                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      2334337                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       688311                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       688311                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       688311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       688311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       688311                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       688311                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10756865142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10756865142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10756865142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  10756865142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10756865142                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  10756865142                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3022648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3022648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3022648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      3022648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3022648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      3022648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.227718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.227718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.227718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15627.914042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15627.914042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15627.914042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15627.914042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15627.914042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15627.914042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          221                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          221                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       688311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       688311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       688311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       688311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       688311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       688311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8584157731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8584157731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8584157731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8584157731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8584157731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8584157731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12471.335967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12471.335967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12471.335967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12471.335967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12471.335967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12471.335967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      7028498                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.471080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      13392673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      7028514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.905477                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.471080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.966942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13392143                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     13392143                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13392143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     13392143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     13392143                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     13392143                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7032095                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      7032095                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7032095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      7032095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7032095                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      7032095                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  88185327117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  88185327117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  88185327117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  88185327117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  88185327117                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  88185327117                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20424238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20424238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20424238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     20424238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20424238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     20424238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.344301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.344301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.344301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.344301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.344301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.344301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12540.406112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12540.406112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12540.406112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12540.406112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12540.406112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12540.406112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        15297                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        15297                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7032095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7032095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7032095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7032095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7032095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7032095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  66215523555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  66215523555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  66215523555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  66215523555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  66215523555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  66215523555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.344301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.344301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.344301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9416.187289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9416.187289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9416.187289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9416.187289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9416.187289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9416.187289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              10151673                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.361124                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               243799027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              10152185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.014439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.361124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.998752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.998752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    176379288                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      176379288                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     67099686                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      67099686                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    243478974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       243478974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    243478974                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      243478974                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     13582072                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     13582072                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2371017                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2371017                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     15953089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      15953089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     15953089                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     15953089                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 454573211188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 454573211188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102127501489                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 102127501489                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 556700712677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 556700712677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 556700712677                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 556700712677                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    189961360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    189961360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     69470703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     69470703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    259432063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    259432063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    259432063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    259432063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33468.620339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33468.620339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43073.289432                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43073.289432                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34896.107749                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34896.107749                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34896.107749                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34896.107749                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      4778705                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          4778705                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      5522323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      5522323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        12721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        12721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      5535044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      5535044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      5535044                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      5535044                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8059749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      8059749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2358296                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2358296                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10418045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10418045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10418045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10418045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 194525735958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 194525735958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  92923401906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  92923401906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 287449137864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 287449137864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 287449137864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 287449137864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    102435698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    102435698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    313244152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    313244152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    415679850                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    415679850                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033947                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033947                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24135.458307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24135.458307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39402.772979                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39402.772979                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27591.466332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27591.466332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27591.466332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27591.466332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              1548851822                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       155469379                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    155469379                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     15863054                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    110098675                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        87692692                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    484625947                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             835629995                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          155469379                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     87692692                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            248110504                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       82536639                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          21895664                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     513456674                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        43082                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       479100                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          468                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        125104258                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      7957185                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes         311228                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1335011060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.107671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.559141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      1091401709     81.75%     81.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        14884602      1.11%     82.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15550843      1.16%     84.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        19817151      1.48%     85.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        17398712      1.30%     86.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        19098581      1.43%     88.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        15329990      1.15%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        15987986      1.20%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       125541486      9.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1335011060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.100377                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.539516                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       504425388                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    526151404                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        227873014                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     10161633                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      66399621                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1444516190                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          547                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      66399621                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       525028576                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      427687108                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15613712                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        215905967                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     84376076                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1406167915                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       789824                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      15800436                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     63384731                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       576335                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1585995895                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   3531296338                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3518318693                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     12977645                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1049483693                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       536512217                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       340473                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       343815                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        183904488                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    255700261                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    102899022                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16272366                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     10854935                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1345370419                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       641110                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1189218108                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      3653758                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    409559798                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    597403565                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       227510                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1335011060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.890793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.533069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    862198341     64.58%     64.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    166768118     12.49%     77.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    116570728      8.73%     85.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     72945218      5.46%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     52197544      3.91%     95.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     34824575      2.61%     97.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     20329176      1.52%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7834107      0.59%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1343253      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1335011060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        2446583     41.13%     41.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     41.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     41.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         9481      0.16%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       2181787     36.68%     77.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      1310819     22.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      8934855      0.75%      0.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    869981909     73.16%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      2005290      0.17%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    220771285     18.56%     92.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     87524769      7.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1189218108                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.767806                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            5948670                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005002                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   3720587073                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1749290405                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1151684432                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7905606                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      6486481                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3703416                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1182293269                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3938654                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     25175630                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     83206816                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       213103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       216360                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     33427685                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       128335                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          331                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      66399621                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      318936703                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      6282672                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1346011529                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      8065220                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    255700261                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    102899022                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       474954                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       2600034                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       552179                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       216360                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     10356743                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      6790458                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     17147201                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1171027759                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    215282518                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     18190349                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           301180502                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       114478070                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          85897984                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.756062                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1158726154                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1155387848                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        811937572                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1259416544                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.745964                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644693                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    427775616                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       413600                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     15917206                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1268642077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.724154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.789207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    987143419     77.81%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     96318381      7.59%     85.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     42641192      3.36%     88.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     53000022      4.18%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     19892148      1.57%     94.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     11476608      0.90%     95.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      8945679      0.71%     96.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      6330878      0.50%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     42893750      3.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1268642077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    522346229                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     918692683                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             241964782                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            172493445                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              84173                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          97302418                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           3033853                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        912279797                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     42893750                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          2572112562                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         2759633739                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                4402677                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              213840762                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         13471862216                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          522346229                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            918692683                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    522346229                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.965182                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.965182                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.337247                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.337247                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2281942678                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1295653673                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          3746243                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         2583461                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      550602941                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        327981                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            1028                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        92000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        47232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        63316752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        11040760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           74500212                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     63316752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      63316752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1249280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet          784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      7770998                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total         9021062                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        11500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         5904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          7914594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1663610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total             9595948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              33                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1041125                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1060678                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        18392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         9442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           12657563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            2207143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              14893233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      12657563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         12657563                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       249742                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               157                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           1553489                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              1803388                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       250230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        18392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         9442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          12657563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           3760632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             16696621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          305                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1249280                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          305                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                         708                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         464                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                         8                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                         8                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    2                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    7                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   1874                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       16                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       1172                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                            3                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    1132                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     742                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 12                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    15021880546                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   6007430                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    11469572                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            11422835                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 5040                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       822966                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   11422835                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        5040                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          29085276                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         13143116                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               7863                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              3524                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     2709721                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1665897                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1043824                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             15008501062.944939                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             13379483.055062                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.000891                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.999109                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
