
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  67212                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   119356                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               37493342                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490200                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      519621                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        922752                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        65088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              284544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1017                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4446                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    435182128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    224546029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              981643704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    435182128                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         435844505                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    435182128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    224546029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1288986941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.284153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083046571000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.284153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.580260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.580260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       949000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       949000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247011824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    247011824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247960824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    247960824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247960824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    247960824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43136.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43136.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175434.534091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175434.534091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173399.177622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173399.177622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173399.177622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173399.177622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1803100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11269.375000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       669600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       669600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230046692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230046692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230716292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230716292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230716292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230716292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30436.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30436.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163385.434659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163385.434659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161340.064336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161340.064336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161340.064336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161340.064336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1288                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1429.717467                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.430901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           90.672652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.206292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        4.584655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.026407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.364309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.113735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    992.784505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    312.964910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.022137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.242379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.076407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.349052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2355                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           89                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1484                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          296                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4227                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             509                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  509                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   50                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           89                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2355                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           89                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1484                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          346                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4277                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2408                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          770                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3240                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          340                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                343                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2408                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1110                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3583                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3377554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213981538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74847607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      292695635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34371413                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34371413                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3377554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213981538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109219020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       327067048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3377554                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488936                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213981538                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109219020                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      327067048                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          509                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              509                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          390                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              393                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.618705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.722326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.433909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052632                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.052632                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.871795                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.872774                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.618705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.762363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.455852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.618705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.762363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.455852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82379.365854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        61117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88862.764950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97204.684416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90338.158951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101092.391176                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100208.201166                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82379.365854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        61117                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88862.764950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98395.513514                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91283.016467                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82379.365854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        61117                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88862.764950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98395.513514                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91283.016467                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 104                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      104                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          340                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           340                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3154076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       443286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200599082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70640820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    274837264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32481836                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32481836                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3154076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       443286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200599082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103122656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    307319100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3154076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       443286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200599082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103122656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    307319100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3821402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3821402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7505182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7505182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11326584                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11326584                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.618705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.722326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.432168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.871795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.865140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.618705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.762363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.453817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.618705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.762363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76928.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55410.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83305.266611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91741.324675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85168.039665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95534.811765                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95534.811765                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76928.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55410.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83305.266611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92903.293694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86156.181665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76928.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55410.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83305.266611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92903.293694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86156.181665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1757.768582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           19.363864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.840452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.746117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1257.804512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    441.013780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          437                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           84                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    536                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             104                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  104                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          437                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           91                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    543                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          686                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2704                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          332                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                335                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1018                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3039                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2884598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187063826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66824121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      257142631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31150183                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31150183                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2884598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187063826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97974304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       288292814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2884598                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187063826                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97974304                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      288292814                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          104                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              104                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          339                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              342                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.731707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.818522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.890909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.834568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.979351                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.979532                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.731707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.818522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.917944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.848409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.731707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.818522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.917944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.848409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96153.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94908.080162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97411.255102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95097.126849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93825.852410                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92985.620896                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96153.266667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94908.080162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96241.948919                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94864.367884                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96153.266667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94908.080162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96241.948919                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94864.367884                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2467216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159350326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57274515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    219405657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26403465                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26403465                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2467216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159350326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83677980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    245809122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2467216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159350326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83677980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245809122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.731707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.818522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.890909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.830556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.979351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.970760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.731707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.818522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.917944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.843942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.731707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.818522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.917944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.843942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82240.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80847.451040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83490.546647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81533.131550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79528.509036                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79528.509036                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82240.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80847.451040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82198.408644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81312.974529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82240.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80847.451040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82198.408644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81312.974529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3382                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               458.258217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17460                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.162626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083049777300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   457.960940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.894455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.895036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20928                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20945                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           20945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20928                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          20945                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4577                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4580                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4577                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4580                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299264749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    299264749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299264749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    299264749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299264749                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    299264749                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.179455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.179432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.179455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.179432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.179455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.179432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65384.476513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65341.648253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65384.476513                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65341.648253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65384.476513                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65341.648253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          685                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          685                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234196182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    234196182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234196182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    234196182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234196182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234196182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60173.736382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60173.736382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60173.736382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60173.736382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60173.736382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60173.736382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           93                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.086190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           93                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.548387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.339757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.746432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.546652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.630387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          248                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          248                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          248                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          248                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          104                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1755272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1755272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1755272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1755272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1755272                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1755272                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.281159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.295455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.281159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.295455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.281159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.295455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18095.587629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16877.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18095.587629                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16877.615385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18095.587629                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16877.615385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           97                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1450823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1450823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1450823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1450823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1450823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1450823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.281159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.281159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.281159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14956.938144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14956.938144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14956.938144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14956.938144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14956.938144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14956.938144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2387                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.109022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.097612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.018385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          309                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          309                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2397                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2403                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2397                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2403                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30961709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30961709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30961709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30961709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30961709                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30961709                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.886062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.886062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.886062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12916.858156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12884.606325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12916.858156                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12884.606325                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12916.858156                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12884.606325                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23584907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23584907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23584907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23584907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23584907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23584907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9839.343763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9839.343763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9839.343763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9839.343763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9839.343763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9839.343763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   947                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               419.141382                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   20553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 21.703273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5083130178300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      2.999929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   416.141453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.005859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.812776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.818636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27325                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27326                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16206                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16210                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43531                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43536                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1833                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1833                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2252                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2255                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    142864490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142864490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38088449                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38088449                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    180952939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    180952939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    180952939                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    180952939                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16625                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16632                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        45791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        45791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025203                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025373                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77940.256410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77940.256410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90903.219570                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90256.988152                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80352.104352                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80245.205765                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80352.104352                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80245.205765                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          509                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              509                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          777                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          777                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     80780068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80780068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35627036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35627036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    116407104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116407104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    116407104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116407104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3991025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3991025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7793493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7793493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11784518                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11784518                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024541                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024531                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75707.655108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75707.655108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87321.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87321.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78920.070508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78920.070508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78920.070508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78920.070508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  772483                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           37956                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        37956                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6117                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        28807                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           14987                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       172170                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                183548                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              37956                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        14987                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                53806                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          23740                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        160352                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           18                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          485                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25505                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3782                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             26                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       405974                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.835610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.302939                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          353278     87.02%     87.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2480      0.61%     87.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1955      0.48%     88.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2811      0.69%     88.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3933      0.97%     89.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3762      0.93%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5098      1.26%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1973      0.49%     92.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30684      7.56%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       405974                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049135                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.237608                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          167941                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       169918                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48333                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2391                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17385                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        326160                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17385                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          172135                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107107                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        51239                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46499                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11604                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        310162                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7963                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       339806                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       766922                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       766832                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       211955                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          127851                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          962                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          963                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            29460                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        39801                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24793                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2083                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1178                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            288251                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1588                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           258415                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1406                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        93298                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       134563                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          774                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       405974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.636531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.412621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       310444     76.47%     76.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        31623      7.79%     84.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        19889      4.90%     89.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16256      4.00%     93.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11319      2.79%     95.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8569      2.11%     98.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5432      1.34%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2003      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          439      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       405974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            497     39.13%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           411     32.36%     71.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          362     28.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2890      1.12%      1.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       198640     76.87%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35371     13.69%     91.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21504      8.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        258415                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.334525                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1270                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004915                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       926342                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       383224                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       246066                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        256781                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4226                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14592                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8122                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           38                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17385                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          94203                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          709                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       289839                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4742                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        39801                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24793                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           269                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           97                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1133                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6097                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7230                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       250841                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33453                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7574                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               53985                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25493                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20532                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.324720                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                246833                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               246075                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           159603                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           250274                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.318551                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637713                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       100990                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          814                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6183                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       388649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.485932                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.410070                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       323472     83.23%     83.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24210      6.23%     89.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12390      3.19%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10027      2.58%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5907      1.52%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3034      0.78%     97.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1714      0.44%     97.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2456      0.63%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5439      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       388649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       103887                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        188857                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41880                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25209                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20593                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           187017                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5439                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              672929                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             597195                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2486                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 366509                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97949                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             103887                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               188857                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       103887                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.435800                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.435800                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134485                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134485                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          482979                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         267683                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         109629                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           660                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.049000                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60048999924966                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65132507549745                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  43394                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    83645                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1665434626                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4752056                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 36056.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1564614903                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3015892837                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3406848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           100544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       147200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        34496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      2430272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     54754304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            60873664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2430272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        2430272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     40248064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         40248064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        37973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       855536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               951151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         628876                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              628876                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        56734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        40471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       911827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                1013733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        40471                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             40471                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           670254                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                670254                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           670254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        56734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        40471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       911827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1683987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   286988                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.654875                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       1107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   287003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.003857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.034124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.620752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.002133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.913797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.915930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            184                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               184                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            58                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               58                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet             242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet            242                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total               242                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       411202                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          414732                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        27270                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          78470                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        438472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           493202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       438472                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          493202                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    509921664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet  47297829125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47807750789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9011138600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1178495000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10189633600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9521060264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  48476324125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  57997384389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9521060264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  48476324125                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  57997384389                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       411386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        414916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        27328                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        78528                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       438714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         493444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       438714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        493444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997878                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999261                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 144453.729178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115023.344062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115273.841394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175998.800781                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 43215.804914                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129853.875366                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173964.192655                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 110557.399617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117593.570969                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173964.192655                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 110557.399617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117593.570969                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    407059520                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               47466                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8575.812582                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55025                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55025                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       411202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       414732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        27270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        78470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       438472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       493202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       438472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       493202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    466985784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42334003669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42800989453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8394037972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    837794400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9231832372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8861023756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  43171798069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52032821825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8861023756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  43171798069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52032821825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997878                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999261                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 132290.590368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 102951.842814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103201.560171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163946.054141                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 30722.200220                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117647.921142                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161904.325891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98459.646383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105500.021948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161904.325891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98459.646383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105500.021948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      11277187                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2903.390440                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        43199211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      11280038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          3.829704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1018.378490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   110.282398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.884544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    832.554837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    941.290163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.248628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.026924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.203260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.229807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.708836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20235319                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       293048                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9753104                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5669458                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               35950929                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         9532521                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              9532521                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1446997                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1446997                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1345852                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1345852                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20235319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       293048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9753104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7015310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                37296781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20235319                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       293048                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9753104                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7015310                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               37296781                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       425300                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6111                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3242573                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5315525                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              8989509                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks            17                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                 17                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       129289                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            129289                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2012853                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            2012853                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       425300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3242573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7328378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              11002362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       425300                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6111                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3242573                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7328378                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             11002362                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9173567602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    178334211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  73287357530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 165173193645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   247812452988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2312361520                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2312361520                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  93738914675                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  93738914675                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9173567602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    178334211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  73287357530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 258912108320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    341551367663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9173567602                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    178334211                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  73287357530                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 258912108320                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   341551367663                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20660619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       299159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12995677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10984983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           44940438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      9532538                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          9532538                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1576286                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1576286                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3358705                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3358705                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20660619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       299159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12995677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14343688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            48299143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20660619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       299159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12995677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14343688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           48299143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.249512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.200032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000002                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000002                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082021                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.082021                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.599294                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.599294                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.249512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.510913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.227796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.249512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.510913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.227796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21569.639318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29182.492391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22601.606049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31073.730938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27566.850758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17885.214674                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17885.214674                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46570.174114                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46570.174114                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21569.639318                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29182.492391                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22601.606049                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35330.070081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31043.458456                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21569.639318                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29182.492391                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22601.606049                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35330.070081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31043.458456                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             5426909                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  5426909                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                47                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       425288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3242559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5315525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8989462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks           17                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total            17                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       129289                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       129289                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2012853                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2012853                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       425288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3242559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7328378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         11002315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       425288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3242559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7328378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        11002315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6902155589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    145142986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  54841024349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 135811038821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 197699361745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8856662614                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8856662614                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  82327021900                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  82327021900                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6902155589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    145142986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  54841024349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 218138060721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 280026383645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6902155589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    145142986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  54841024349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 218138060721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 280026383645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8741312802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8741312802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11971324313                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11971324313                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  20712637115                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20712637115                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.249511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082021                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082021                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.599294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.599294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.249511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.510913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.227795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.249511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.510913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16229.368308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23833.002627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16912.884037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25549.882433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21992.346343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68502.831749                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68502.831749                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40900.662840                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40900.662840                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16229.368308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23833.002627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16912.884037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29766.213031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25451.587565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16229.368308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23833.002627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16912.884037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29766.213031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25451.587565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        867148                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32193.795886                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        13501727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        899488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         15.010458                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        17956.748621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.016210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.081405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.016076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   123.112061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    26.845299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2437.318150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  11643.658062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.547996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.074381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.355336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.982477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       422988                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5551                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3204585                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4765492                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                8398616                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         5426926                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              5426926                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32298                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               32298                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1378481                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1378481                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       422988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3204585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      6143973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 9777097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       422988                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5551                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3204585                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6143973                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                9777097                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2300                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          539                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37974                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       550033                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               590846                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       320266                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            320266                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       411097                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             411097                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       961130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               1001943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2300                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          539                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37974                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       961130                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              1001943                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    213341851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     50061821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3558438921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50889593860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    54711436453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    962781548                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    962781548                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37807114388                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  37807114388                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    213341851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     50061821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3558438921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  88696708248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     92518550841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    213341851                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     50061821                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3558438921                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  88696708248                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    92518550841                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       425288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3242559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5315525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            8989462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5426926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          5426926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       352564                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          352564                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1789578                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1789578                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       425288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3242559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7105103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            10779040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       425288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3242559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7105103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           10779040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.103477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.065727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.908391                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.908391                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.229717                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.229717                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.135273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.092953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.135273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.092953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92757.326522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92879.074212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93707.244983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92520.983032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92598.471434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  3006.193439                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3006.193439                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91966.407899                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91966.407899                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92757.326522                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92879.074212                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93707.244983                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92283.778727                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92339.135900                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92757.326522                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92879.074212                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93707.244983                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92283.778727                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92339.135900                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              573851                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   573851                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       550033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          590846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       320266                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       320266                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       411097                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        411097                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       961130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          1001943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          539                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        37974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       961130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         1001943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    181081138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     42499334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3022850884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43164803832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46411235188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24225098770                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24225098770                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31883824805                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31883824805                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    181081138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     42499334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3022850884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75048628637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  78295059993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    181081138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     42499334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3022850884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75048628637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  78295059993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7839861687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7839861687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10644239669                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10644239669                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  18484101356                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18484101356                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.103477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.908391                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.908391                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.229717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.135273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.092953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.135273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78730.929565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78848.486085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79603.172802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78476.752908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78550.477092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75640.557443                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75640.557443                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77557.911649                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77557.911649                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78730.929565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78848.486085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79603.172802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78083.743757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78143.227702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78730.929565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78848.486085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79603.172802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78083.743757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78143.227702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                     24139465                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        68090                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18671                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        332                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   120                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   258                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                 18482                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 3225040                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     19003                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                    24207555                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           316                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  3215969                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     9071                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            311                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               19375                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              12995678                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               137786855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              12996190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.602096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137778424                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      137778424                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137778424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       137778424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137778424                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      137778424                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13673239                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     13673239                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13673239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      13673239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13673239                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     13673239                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 235030341744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 235030341744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 235030341744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 235030341744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 235030341744                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 235030341744                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    151451663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    151451663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    151451663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    151451663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    151451663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    151451663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.090281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.090281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.090281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17189.075810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17189.075810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17189.075810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17189.075810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17189.075810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17189.075810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       432639                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets             12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 36053.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       677553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       677553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       677553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       677553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       677553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       677553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12995686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12995686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12995686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12995686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12995686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12995686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 179027115142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 179027115142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 179027115142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 179027115142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 179027115142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 179027115142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.085807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.085807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.085807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13775.888025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13775.888025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13775.888025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13775.888025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13775.888025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13775.888025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       303481                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.983213                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        309149                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       303497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.018623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083927423300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.983206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.998950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.998951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       308859                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       308859                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       308859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       308859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       308859                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       308859                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       303689                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       303689                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       303689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       303689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       303689                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       303689                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5696979593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5696979593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5696979593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5696979593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5696979593                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5696979593                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       612548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       612548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       612548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       612548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       612548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       612548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.495780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.495780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.495780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.495780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.495780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.495780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18759.255663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18759.255663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18759.255663                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18759.255663                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18759.255663                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18759.255663                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         7776                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         7776                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       303689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       303689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       303689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       303689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       303689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       303689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4772159397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4772159397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4772159397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4772159397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4772159397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4772159397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.495780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.495780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.495780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15713.968557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15713.968557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15713.968557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15713.968557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15713.968557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15713.968557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     21119351                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       9380273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     21119367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.444155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9379948                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      9379948                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9379948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      9379948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9379948                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      9379948                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21120855                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     21120855                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21120855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     21120855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21120855                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     21120855                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 246117248883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 246117248883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 246117248883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 246117248883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 246117248883                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 246117248883                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30500803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30500803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30500803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     30500803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30500803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     30500803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.692469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.692469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.692469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.692469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.692469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.692469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11652.807090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11652.807090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11652.807090                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11652.807090                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11652.807090                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11652.807090                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       155047                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       155047                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21120855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     21120855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21120855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     21120855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21120855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     21120855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 181728669199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 181728669199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 181728669199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 181728669199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 181728669199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 181728669199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.692469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.692469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.692469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.692469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.692469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.692469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8604.228816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8604.228816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8604.228816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8604.228816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8604.228816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8604.228816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              14317936                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.998713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               253096863                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              14318448                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 17.676278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.023339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.975374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    147457421                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      147457421                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    103954090                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     103954090                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    251411511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       251411511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    251411511                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      251411511                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     22543971                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     22543971                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4954488                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4954488                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     27498459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      27498459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     27498459                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     27498459                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 774613889916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 774613889916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 153401916695                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 153401916695                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 928015806611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 928015806611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 928015806611                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 928015806611                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    170001392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    170001392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    108908578                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    108908578                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    278909970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    278909970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    278909970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    278909970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.132611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.132611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.098593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.098593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.098593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.098593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34360.135130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34360.135130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30962.213794                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30962.213794                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33747.920442                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33747.920442                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33747.920442                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33747.920442                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      9369715                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          9369715                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11554003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     11554003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        33963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        33963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11587966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     11587966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11587966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     11587966                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10989968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10989968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4920525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4920525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15910493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     15910493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15910493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     15910493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 276487378624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 276487378624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 133491333353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 133491333353                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 409978711977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 409978711977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 409978711977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 409978711977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9099111459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9099111459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12458029255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12458029255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  21557140714                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21557140714                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045180                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045180                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25158.160481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25158.160481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27129.489913                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27129.489913                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25767.819512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25767.819512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25767.819512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25767.819512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2514098403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       203885157                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    203885157                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     22582871                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    131550500                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        91492693                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    831430404                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             931485164                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          203885157                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     91492693                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            308665047                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       76385918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           7725247                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1145480975                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles      4674063                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1122412                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          208                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        151451673                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     13638709                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          74508                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2352333866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.794027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.241012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2049277121     87.12%     87.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        23580784      1.00%     88.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15628450      0.66%     88.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        19126143      0.81%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21371626      0.91%     90.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        19621440      0.83%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17408734      0.74%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        23003198      0.98%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       163316370      6.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2352333866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.081097                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.370505                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       802397345                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1199123907                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        286579359                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     10997745                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      53235510                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1836636080                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          474                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      53235510                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       835974204                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      844888363                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    234542701                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        262840838                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    120852250                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1793775104                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1465141                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      49607607                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     60581903                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1774510                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2006738345                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4567815896                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4264573537                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    303242359                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1532163750                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       474574713                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3563935                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3660384                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        280412610                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    202097266                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    127314188                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13722655                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     12282926                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1640117870                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6291075                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1541240183                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9897929                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    263872108                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    393260961                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1889404                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2352333866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.655196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.359934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1715815516     72.94%     72.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    249231074     10.60%     83.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    153600350      6.53%     90.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     87389900      3.72%     93.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     61497754      2.61%     96.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     43787767      1.86%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     31240775      1.33%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7901632      0.34%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1869098      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2352333866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3187338     35.82%     35.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     35.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     35.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        13057      0.15%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3401060     38.22%     74.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2296967     25.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     33125438      2.15%      2.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1108617421     71.93%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     90703681      5.89%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    189875851     12.32%     92.28% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    118917792      7.72%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1541240183                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.613039                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            8898422                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005774                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5246005830                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1763376914                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1406408497                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    215627181                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    147038011                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105723124                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1409226665                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      107786502                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     15745160                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     35794221                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       197531                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       150029                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     19131139                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       108056                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      53235510                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      650496487                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     10778594                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1646408945                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     52697957                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    202097266                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    127314188                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4226627                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       5652997                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       768630                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       150029                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      6857065                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     18366406                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     25223471                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1519572591                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    185582682                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     21667592                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           303166909                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       155813238                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         117584227                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.604420                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1513253265                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1512131621                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1009168810                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1738287567                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.601461                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.580553                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    290174094                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4401671                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     22672345                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2299421979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.589844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.616116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1862191179     80.99%     80.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    154555134      6.72%     87.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     90593631      3.94%     91.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     64600801      2.81%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     26078566      1.13%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     17382459      0.76%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     13867300      0.60%     96.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8897219      0.39%     97.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     61255690      2.66%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2299421979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    679614117                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1356301211                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             274486109                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            166303056                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            1522532                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         141588610                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          91270316                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1282104613                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     61255690                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3883884773                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3347179560                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                7000366                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              161764537                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        177812353261                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          679614117                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1356301211                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    679614117                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.699303                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.699303                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.270321                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.270321                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3074092916                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1580760883                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        185202316                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        96563636                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      600744309                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3139167                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          376074                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker     72787520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker     77627904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      9347392688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data      1865639141                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total        11363937671                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   9347392688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    9347392688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet     24447449                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data   1205618412                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total      1231880389                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            20456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker      9098440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker      9703488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst       1168424086                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data        260573180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total          1447821847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          407844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data       156903821                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total          157340017                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               6263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1212135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      1292743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          155662754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           31068613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             189244412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     155662754                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        155662754                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            407125                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          20077244                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             20514586                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            413388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1212135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1292743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         155662754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          51145857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            209758998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       68090                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                    24139465                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       332                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18671                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  123                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  181                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                18482                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                3225040                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    19003                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                   24207555                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          316                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    9071                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 3215969                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           311                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              14280                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180327316326                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 883937984                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                  1657711440                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses          1650930556                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               442011                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    111880658                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                 1650930556                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      442011                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        4203694346                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes       1821458903                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             717019                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            364263                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   418142828                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                 260878284                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                157264544                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             178385004868.699310                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             1942311457.300687                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.010771                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.989229                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
