
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  70582                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   125833                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               38413444                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490988                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536582                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        86016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        83328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              312256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        85056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            85056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4879                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    294543055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    285338584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1069252652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         466359837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        291255744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             291255744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        291255744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    294543055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    285338584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1360508396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1350                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.728661                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1350                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613538000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.728661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.545541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.545541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       932000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       932000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    245450832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    245450832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246382832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    246382832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246382832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    246382832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42363.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42363.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182627.107143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182627.107143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180368.105417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180368.105417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180368.105417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180368.105417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1410700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 166                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8498.192771                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       663800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       663800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229269292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229269292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229933092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229933092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229933092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229933092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30172.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30172.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170587.270833                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170587.270833                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168325.836018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168325.836018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168325.836018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168325.836018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           21                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        86016                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           21                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           268                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1837.063130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              87                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.324627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           88.870240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.927194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.404604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.290544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1176.142049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    521.428634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.021697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.287144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.127302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.448502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2354                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1628                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          534                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4612                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             699                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  699                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2354                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1628                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          625                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4703                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2154                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          993                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3253                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2154                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1307                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3568                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7607001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2739424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223525817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106573756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      340445998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32897325                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32897325                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7607001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2739424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223525817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    139471081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       373343323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7607001                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2739424                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223525817                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    139471081                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      373343323                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          699                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              699                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          405                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              406                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.206612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.650295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.413605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.775309                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.775862                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.206612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.431387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.206612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.431387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 110246.391304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109576.960000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103772.431291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107325.031219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104656.009222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104768.550955                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104435.952381                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 110246.391304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109576.960000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103772.431291                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106710.850038                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104636.581558                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 110246.391304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109576.960000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103772.431291                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106710.850038                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104636.581558                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  14                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       14                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7228701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2602424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211630536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101131872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    322593533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31155125                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31155125                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7228701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2602424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211630536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    132286997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    353748658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7228701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2602424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211630536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    132286997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    353748658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3184799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3184799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7060088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7060088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10244887                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10244887                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.206612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.650295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.775309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.773399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.206612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.429815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.206612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.569540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104763.782609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104096.960000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98250.016713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101844.785498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99535.184511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99220.143312                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99220.143312                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104763.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104096.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98250.016713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101214.228768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99507.358087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104763.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104096.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98250.016713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101214.228768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99507.358087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1801.530452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.387400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.336072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.291741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1205.833859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    542.681516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     31                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              14                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   14                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           27                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     31                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          990                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3222                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1303                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3536                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6980801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2516224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203991515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97726703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      311215243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30009280                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30009280                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6980801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2516224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203991515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127735983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       341224523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6980801                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2516224                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203991515                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127735983                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      341224523                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           14                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               14                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.990470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.991309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.991309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102658.838235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100648.960000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95905.742830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98713.841414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96590.702359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95876.293930                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95570.955414                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102658.838235                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100648.960000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95905.742830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98032.220261                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96500.147907                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102658.838235                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100648.960000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95905.742830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98032.220261                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96500.147907                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6036963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2169767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174122007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83909207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    266237944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25564113                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25564113                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6036963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2169767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174122007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109473320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    291802057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6036963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2169767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174122007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109473320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    291802057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2836399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2836399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9152899                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9152899                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.987665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.985507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88778.867647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86790.680000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81862.720733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84756.774747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82940.169470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81674.482428                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81674.482428                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88778.867647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86790.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81862.720733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84016.362241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82827.719841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88778.867647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86790.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81862.720733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84016.362241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82827.719841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3271                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.868129                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3271                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.868542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616751300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.298337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.569792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.870253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26595                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26604                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           26604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26595                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          26604                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4461                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4462                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4461                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4462                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    311776577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    311776577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    311776577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    311776577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    311776577                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    311776577                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        31056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        31056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        31066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        31056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        31066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.143644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.143630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.143644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.143630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.143644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.143630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69889.391840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69873.728597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69889.391840                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69873.728597                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69889.391840                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69873.728597                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          679                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          679                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    244399311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    244399311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    244399311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244399311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    244399311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244399311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64621.710999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64621.710999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64621.710999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64621.710999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64621.710999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64621.710999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          108                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.044287                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.148148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598745348300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.909785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.681862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.690268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          371                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          371                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          371                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          371                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          124                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          124                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4264660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4264660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4264660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4264660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4264660                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4264660                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.250505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.250505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.250505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35245.123967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34392.419355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35245.123967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34392.419355                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35245.123967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34392.419355                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3877126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3877126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3877126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3877126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3877126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3877126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.245935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32042.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32042.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32042.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32042.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32042.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32042.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2414                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.918546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           707                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.292875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618815300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.815073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.103474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.050942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          789                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          789                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          789                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          789                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2424                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2431                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2424                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2431                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35084591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35084591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35084591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     35084591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35084591                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     35084591                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.754969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.754969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.754969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14473.841172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14432.164130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14473.841172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14432.164130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14473.841172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14432.164130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27584920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27584920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27584920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27584920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27584920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27584920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.754435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11379.917492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11379.917492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11379.917492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11379.917492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11379.917492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11379.917492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1437                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               366.758985                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   37904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1437                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 26.377175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.930540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   365.828445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.714509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.716326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32324                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32324                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17363                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17364                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49687                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49688                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2793                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2794                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          417                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          418                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3210                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3212                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    224024250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    224024250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37070075                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37070075                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    261094325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    261094325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    261094325                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    261094325                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        35117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17780                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17782                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.079560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023453                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023507                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80209.183673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80180.476020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88897.062350                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88684.389952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81337.795950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81287.149751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81337.795950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81287.149751                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          699                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              699                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1277                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115363132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115363132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34564420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34564420                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    149927552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    149927552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    149927552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    149927552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3323925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3323925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7326407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7326407                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10650332                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10650332                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022722                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022720                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75450.053630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75450.053630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85555.495050                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85555.495050                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77562.106570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77562.106570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77562.106570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77562.106570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876685                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44887                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44887                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6947                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33440                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           18416                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       196558                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                214745                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44887                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        18416                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                63598                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28183                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              3913                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        167830                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          616                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          356                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            31056                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4162                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             63                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       453827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.878932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.351019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          391562     86.28%     86.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2853      0.63%     86.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2592      0.57%     87.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3465      0.76%     88.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5089      1.12%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3838      0.85%     90.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5816      1.28%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2887      0.64%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35725      7.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       453827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051201                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.244951                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          195039                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       177937                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57678                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2214                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20956                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        383360                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20956                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          200305                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         111224                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        52737                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54598                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        14004                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        364445                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2844                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9444                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       402353                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       910859                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       910709                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          150                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       244375                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          157871                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1068                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1076                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37616                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        48524                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27549                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3122                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1457                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            338593                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1737                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           300410                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1728                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       113464                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       168857                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          846                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       453827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.661948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.429101                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       341828     75.32%     75.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        37436      8.25%     83.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        24042      5.30%     88.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18412      4.06%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        13126      2.89%     95.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9905      2.18%     98.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6379      1.41%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2241      0.49%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          458      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       453827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            701     46.98%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           414     27.75%     74.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          377     25.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3232      1.08%      1.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       231188     76.96%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        42532     14.16%     92.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23448      7.81%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        300410                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.342666                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1492                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004967                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1058829                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       453884                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       286260                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        298641                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5146                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18636                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          129                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          172                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9719                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           31                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20956                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93007                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1021                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       340330                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5441                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        48524                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27549                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1363                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           539                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           42                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          172                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1573                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6475                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8048                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       291473                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        40352                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8937                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62742                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29908                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22390                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.332472                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                287042                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               286277                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           188415                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           299421                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.326545                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629264                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       123499                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6992                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       432960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.433464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       358639     82.83%     82.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27567      6.37%     89.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13707      3.17%     92.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11654      2.69%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6778      1.57%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3501      0.81%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1962      0.45%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2761      0.64%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6391      1.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       432960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117905                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47684                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29856                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24043                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214872                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6391                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              766712                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             701756                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2572                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 422858                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117905                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216787                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117905                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.435520                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.435520                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134490                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134490                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          564633                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         312854                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         128144                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.997907                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1997907005754                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9596970159264                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  21068                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36797                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               20994393                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5060704                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 95163.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2004950947                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3501740235                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1486464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4408960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       822144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     59906240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    302175360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           368800448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     59906240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       59906240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    170746176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        170746176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        23226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68890                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       936035                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4721490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5762507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2667909                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2667909                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       744011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2206789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       411503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     29984499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    151245958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              184593400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     29984499                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          29984499                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         85462524                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              85462524                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         85462524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       744011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2206789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       411503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     29984499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    151245958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             270055925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23860                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.999622                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.000461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.993207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.006415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.999575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.000401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          346                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             360                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23512                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet            38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23834                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23872                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     14368000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet       677664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15045664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4167907064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1925000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4169832064                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4182275064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      2602664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4184877728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4182275064                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      2602664                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4184877728                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           26                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.989011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999915                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41526.011561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 48404.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41793.511111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177448.359332                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 80208.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177349.101055                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175475.164219                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 68491.157895                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175304.864611                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175475.164219                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 68491.157895                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175304.864611                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     27381500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2634                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10395.406226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          23504                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               23504                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23512                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10135900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet       503800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10639700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3884862176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1630800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3886492976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3894998076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2134600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3897132676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3894998076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2134600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3897132676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999915                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29294.508671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 35985.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29554.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165397.742507                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet        67950                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165298.272201                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163421.921457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 56173.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163251.201240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163421.921457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 56173.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163251.201240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          367                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1503232                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          367                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      19705532                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4015.010504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        88325177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      19709567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.481335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7625560677445                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1005.114168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.007872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.003191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   147.439973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    47.216316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    911.691154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1903.537829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.245389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.222581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.464731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.980227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32005306                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2579549                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11185496                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     24208749                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               69979100                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        22028340                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             22028340                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1002068                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1002068                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6994333                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              6994333                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32005306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2579549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11185496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     31203082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                76973433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32005306                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2579549                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11185496                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     31203082                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               76973433                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       433820                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       143867                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4579657                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10856532                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             16013876                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8430                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8430                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3638570                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            3638570                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       433820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       143867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4579657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     14495102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              19652446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       433820                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       143867                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4579657                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     14495102                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             19652446                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14980052268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4226883559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 175345253711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 453233681020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   647785870558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    203052513                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    203052513                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 246234200561                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 246234200561                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14980052268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4226883559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 175345253711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 699467881581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    894020071119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14980052268                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4226883559                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 175345253711                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 699467881581                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   894020071119                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32439126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2723416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15765153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     35065281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           85992976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     22028340                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         22028340                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1010498                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1010498                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10632903                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         10632903                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32439126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2723416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15765153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     45698184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            96625879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32439126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2723416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15765153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     45698184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           96625879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.290492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.309609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.186223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008342                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.008342                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.342199                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.342199                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.290492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.317192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.203387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.290492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.317192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.203387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34530.570900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29380.494200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38287.857303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41747.556312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40451.535316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24086.893594                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24086.893594                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67673.344353                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67673.344353                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34530.570900                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29380.494200                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38287.857303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48255.464610                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45491.541924                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34530.570900                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29380.494200                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38287.857303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48255.464610                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45491.541924                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             7364741                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  7364741                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           85                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           47                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       433782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       143782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4579653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10856485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16013702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8430                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8430                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3638570                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3638570                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       433782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       143782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4579653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14495055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         19652272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       433782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       143782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4579653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14495055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        19652272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12620894403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3430571280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 149427060759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 392540261805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 558018788247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    686888910                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    686888910                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 225866576100                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 225866576100                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12620894403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3430571280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 149427060759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 618406837905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 783885364347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12620894403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3430571280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 149427060759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 618406837905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 783885364347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     99494558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     99494558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    229055518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    229055518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    328550076                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    328550076                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.290492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.309608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.186221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008342                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008342                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.342199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.290492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.317191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.203385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.290492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.317191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.203385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29095.016398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23859.532348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32628.467868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36157.214955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34846.332737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81481.483986                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81481.483986                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62075.644030                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62075.644030                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29095.016398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23859.532348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32628.467868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42663.297097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39887.772994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29095.016398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23859.532348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32628.467868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42663.297097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39887.772994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5713269                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32201.657438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        17634301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5745338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.069324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7625433105245                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11554.461989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.088265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.057122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.007428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   511.956592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   129.881291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6299.341574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13705.862343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.352614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.192241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.418270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.982717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       364892                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       130936                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3643617                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8232424                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               12371869                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7364741                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              7364741                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1452                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1452                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1540838                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1540838                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       364892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       130936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3643617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      9773262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                13912707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       364892                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       130936                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3643617                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      9773262                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               13912707                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68890                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12846                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       936036                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2624061                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3641833                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2097603                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2097603                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       936036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4721664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5739436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68890                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12846                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       936036                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4721664                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5739436                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6422462664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1217606230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87476489988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 245596126788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   340712685670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     56299306                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     56299306                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 194735643025                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 194735643025                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6422462664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1217606230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87476489988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 440331769813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    535448328695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6422462664                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1217606230                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87476489988                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 440331769813                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   535448328695                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       433782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       143782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4579653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10856485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           16013702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7364741                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          7364741                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         8559                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            8559                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3638441                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3638441                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       433782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       143782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4579653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14494926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            19652143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       433782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       143782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4579653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14494926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           19652143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.158812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.204390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.241704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.227420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.830354                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.830354                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.576511                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.576511                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.158812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.204390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.292051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.158812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.204390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.292051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93227.793061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94784.853651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93454.194057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93593.909131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93555.274410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7921.669621                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7921.669621                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92837.225645                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92837.225645                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93227.793061                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94784.853651                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93454.194057                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93257.751889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93292.847711                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93227.793061                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94784.853651                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93454.194057                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93257.751889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93292.847711                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2644405                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2644405                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       936036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2624061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3641833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7107                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7107                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2097603                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2097603                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       936036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4721664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5739436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       936036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4721664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5739436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5456250110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1038103306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74278600482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 208639602206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 289412556104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    557105690                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    557105690                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 164656817286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 164656817286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5456250110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1038103306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74278600482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 373296419492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 454069373390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5456250110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1038103306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74278600482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 373296419492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 454069373390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     88830006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     88830006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    201295470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    201295470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    290125476                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    290125476                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.158812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.204390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.241704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.830354                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.830354                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.576511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.576511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.158812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.204390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.292051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.158812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.204390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.325746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79202.353172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80811.404795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79354.427054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79510.195154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79468.925704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78388.305896                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78388.305896                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78497.607644                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78497.607644                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79202.353172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80811.404795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79354.427054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79060.352344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79113.936176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79202.353172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80811.404795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79354.427054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79060.352344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79113.936176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          232                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                          584                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                          4                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                          6                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     6                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    3267                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        10                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                         816                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                             5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                      929                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     2338                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              3                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   5                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              15765209                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               492439652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              15765721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 31.234832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    492431587                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      492431587                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    492431587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       492431587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    492431587                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      492431587                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16994695                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     16994695                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16994695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      16994695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16994695                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     16994695                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 411362309283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 411362309283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 411362309283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 411362309283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 411362309283                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 411362309283                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    509426282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    509426282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    509426282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    509426282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    509426282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    509426282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24205.336388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24205.336388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24205.336388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24205.336388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24205.336388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24205.336388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      9263751                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            231                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40102.818182                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1229389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1229389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1229389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1229389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1229389                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1229389                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15765306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     15765306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15765306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     15765306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15765306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     15765306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 316384975479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 316384975479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 316384975479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 316384975479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 316384975479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 316384975479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20068.432257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20068.432257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20068.432257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20068.432257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20068.432257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20068.432257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2723776                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       9271983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2723792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.404072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9271761                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      9271761                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9271761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      9271761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9271761                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      9271761                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2723979                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2723979                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2723979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2723979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2723979                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2723979                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  43337729064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  43337729064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  43337729064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  43337729064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  43337729064                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  43337729064                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11995740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11995740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11995740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     11995740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11995740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     11995740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.227079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.227079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.227079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15909.714819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15909.714819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15909.714819                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15909.714819                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15909.714819                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15909.714819                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1542                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1542                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2723979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2723979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2723979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2723979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2723979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2723979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  34768574345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34768574345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  34768574345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34768574345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  34768574345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34768574345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12763.892212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12763.892212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12763.892212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12763.892212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12763.892212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12763.892212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     32451086                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998675                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      61968655                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     32451102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.909601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61968078                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     61968078                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61968078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     61968078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     61968078                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     61968078                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32459485                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     32459485                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32459485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     32459485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32459485                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     32459485                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 411133358920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 411133358920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 411133358920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 411133358920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 411133358920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 411133358920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94427563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     94427563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94427563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     94427563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     94427563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     94427563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.343750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.343750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.343750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12666.046886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12666.046886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12666.046886                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12666.046886                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12666.046886                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12666.046886                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       170558                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       170558                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32459485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     32459485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32459485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     32459485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32459485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     32459485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 309916424071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 309916424071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 309916424071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 309916424071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 309916424071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 309916424071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.343750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9547.792396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9547.792396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9547.792396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9547.792396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9547.792396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9547.792396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              45697865                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               983800781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              45698377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 21.528134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7599080305300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    723481193                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      723481193                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    259132926                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     259132926                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    982614119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       982614119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    982614119                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      982614119                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     54493882                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     54493882                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11675476                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     11675476                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     66169358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      66169358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     66169358                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     66169358                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1553218915007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1553218915007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 396556228501                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 396556228501                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1949775143508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1949775143508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1949775143508                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1949775143508                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    777975075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    777975075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    270808402                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    270808402                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1048783477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1048783477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1048783477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1048783477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043113                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.043113                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28502.629249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28502.629249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33964.887470                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33964.887470                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29466.435862                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29466.435862                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29466.435862                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29466.435862                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     21856240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         21856240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19413667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     19413667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        54797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        54797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19468464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     19468464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     19468464                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     19468464                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     35080215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     35080215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11620679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     11620679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     46700894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     46700894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     46700894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     46700894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 745918991401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 745918991401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 352530497801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 352530497801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1098449489202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1098449489202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1098449489202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1098449489202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    103753781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    103753781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    240128588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    240128588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    343882369                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    343882369                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042911                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042911                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21263.238877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21263.238877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30336.480149                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30336.480149                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23520.952066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23520.952066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23520.952066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23520.952066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              5999720738                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       600111982                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    600111982                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     63552877                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    436078392                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       350912196                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1951619844                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3297555131                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          600111982                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    350912196                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            979770469                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      342194782                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          85459134                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1917882097                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        66260                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1976316                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2591                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        509426493                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     31198284                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1286690                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5213739975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.112903                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.556223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4250444856     81.52%     81.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        59749942      1.15%     82.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        59322556      1.14%     83.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        87365537      1.68%     85.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        66245582      1.27%     86.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        80572928      1.55%     88.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        59686916      1.14%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        66887303      1.28%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       483464355      9.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5213739975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.100023                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.549618                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2024504932                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1971204047                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        902207720                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     38860012                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     276963264                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5666923937                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2366                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     276963264                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2108339555                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1578555635                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     54012355                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        850266294                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    345602872                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5507895766                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      3158281                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      59494884                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    265713051                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2168734                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6158900494                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13881571337                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13836908323                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     44663014                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3955350783                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2203549634                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3280688                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3280360                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        753292576                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1066199110                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    429120693                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     70659188                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     46125666                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5265929225                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      5735880                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4590885103                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     10402542                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1711452668                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2564032450                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2310023                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5213739975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.880536                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.503558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3346532761     64.19%     64.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    674658328     12.94%     77.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    469575312      9.01%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    289139674      5.55%     91.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    199915980      3.83%     95.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    129843856      2.49%     98.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     72824182      1.40%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     26170219      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      5079663      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5213739975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6470908     30.37%     30.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     30.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     30.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        27130      0.13%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       9000381     42.24%     72.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      5806911     27.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31532167      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3299125069     71.86%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      6917180      0.15%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    901256253     19.63%     92.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    352054434      7.67%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4590885103                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.765183                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           21305330                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004641                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14425353263                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6960673006                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4442540041                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     26989763                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     23282412                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12472065                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4567208353                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13449913                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     99343499                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    366911532                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       792339                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       877166                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    158315846                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       220123                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          506                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     276963264                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1118251504                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     24299149                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5271665105                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29905381                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1066199110                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    429120693                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      5300819                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       9299659                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      2951253                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       877166                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     43639858                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     24746735                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     68386593                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4517953098                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    877605284                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     72932000                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1223093011                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       434936820                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         345487727                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.753027                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4468663418                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4455012106                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3117601553                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4836651157                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.742537                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644579                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1782058250                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      3425857                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     63759884                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   4937487914                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.707271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.763533                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   3857084187     78.12%     78.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    371876956      7.53%     85.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    166435393      3.37%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    204434819      4.14%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     76006567      1.54%     94.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     44437090      0.90%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     33446323      0.68%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     22931873      0.46%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    160834706      3.26%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   4937487914                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999759751                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3492142614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             970092407                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            699287559                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             184112                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         368257989                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           9847455                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3470494354                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    160834706                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10050010741                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10826480792                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               16542757                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              785980763                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999759751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3492142614                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999759751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.000221                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.000221                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.333309                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.333309                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8761586386                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4945351782                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         11919458                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9089360                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2175470420                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3129333                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        75360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        37560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        43321808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         7328469                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           50766413                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     43321808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      43321808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet          456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      5260499                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total         6493851                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         9420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         4695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          5415226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1125185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total             6554852                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          706786                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             726069                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        37719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        18800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           21683596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3668073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              25409798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      21683596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         21683596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       617094                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               228                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2633005                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              3250327                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       618299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        37719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        18800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          21683596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           6301078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             28660125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                         584                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         232                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                         6                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                         4                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    2                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    4                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   3267                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       10                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                        816                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                            5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    2338                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     929                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             3                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  5                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     5989207750                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   4115546                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                     7691525                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             7658981                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 4294                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       576729                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                    7658981                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        4294                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          19709176                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          8813338                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               6618                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              2907                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     1835477                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1126981                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   708496                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             5980230546.411302                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             8977203.588698                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001499                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998501                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
