
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 122759                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   220489                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               64761168                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490196                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549660                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987252                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        45056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              243072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        44096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            44096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    155379411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6179863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    432148986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    240793945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              838254265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    432148986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         432590405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        152068770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             152068770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        152068770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    155379411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6179863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    432148986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    240793945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             990323035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      700                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.240172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      700                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971064651000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.240172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.515011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.515011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              12                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            704                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             716                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       499000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       499000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127303912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    127303912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127802912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    127802912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127802912                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    127802912                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          704                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41583.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41583.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180829.420455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180829.420455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178495.687151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178495.687151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178495.687151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178495.687151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       963700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  79                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 12198.734177                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            689                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 689                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       351500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       351500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    118825384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118825384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    119176884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119176884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    119176884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119176884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29291.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29291.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168786.056818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168786.056818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166448.162011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166448.162011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166448.162011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166448.162011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           11                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        45056                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           11                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1341                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1349.797210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.442207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           72.374622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.553025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.396074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.764154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.566652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    17.798376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.322977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    897.717187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    351.304143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.017670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.219169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.085768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.329540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2456                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1553                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          455                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4604                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             593                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  593                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2456                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1553                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          549                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4698                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          935                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3382                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          287                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                287                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3669                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3232175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       899369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212915922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88743367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      305790833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28801710                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28801710                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3232175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       899369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212915922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117545077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       334592543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3232175                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       899369                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212915922                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117545077                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      334592543                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          593                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              593                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          381                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              381                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.605537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.672662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.423491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052632                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.052632                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.753281                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.753281                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.605537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.690006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.438508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.605537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.690006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.438508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76956.547619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74947.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89310.369966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94912.691979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90417.159373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100354.390244                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100354.390244                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76956.547619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74947.416667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89310.369966                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96190.734043                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91194.478877                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76956.547619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74947.416667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89310.369966                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96190.734043                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91194.478877                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 103                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      103                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          287                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           287                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3002213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       833366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199685684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83614599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287135862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27205887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27205887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3002213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       833366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199685684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110820486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    314341749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3002213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       833366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199685684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110820486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    314341749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7063075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7063075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10246688                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10246688                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.605537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.672662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.422364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.753281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.753281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.605537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.690006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.437433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.605537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.690006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71481.261905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 69447.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83760.773490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89427.378610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85127.738512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94794.031359                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94794.031359                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71481.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 69447.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83760.773490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90687.795417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85885.723770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71481.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 69447.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83760.773490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90687.795417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85885.723770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1667.162803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           15.900242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.633827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.959199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1131.504853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    483.164760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          426                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          120                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    564                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             103                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  103                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          426                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          129                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    573                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          815                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2818                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3094                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2693631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186273874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78744413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268452747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25937775                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25937775                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2693631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186273874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104682188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       294390522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2693631                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740829                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186273874                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104682188                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      294390522                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          103                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              103                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          285                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              285                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.821309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.871658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.833235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.968421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.968421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.821309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.894262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.843741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.821309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.894262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.843741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96201.107143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92603.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95134.767109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96618.911656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95263.572392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93977.445652                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93977.445652                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96201.107143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92603.625000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95134.767109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95950.676444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95148.843568                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96201.107143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92603.625000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95134.767109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95950.676444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95148.843568                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           276                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2305375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158765174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67372016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229071387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21999010                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21999010                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2305375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158765174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89371026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251070397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2305375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158765174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89371026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251070397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.821309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.871658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.830574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.968421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.821309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.894262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.841287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.821309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.894262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82334.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78602.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81085.379980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82665.050307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81549.087576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79706.557971                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79706.557971                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82334.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78602.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81085.379980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81916.614115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81384.245381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82334.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78602.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81085.379980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81916.614115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81384.245381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3427                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               418.457712                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  8.035308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971201207220                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.329010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   418.128701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.816658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.817300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30480                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          30499                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           30499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30480                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          30499                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4614                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4616                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4614                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4616                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298314247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    298314247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298314247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    298314247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298314247                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    298314247                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.131475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.131454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.131475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.131454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.131475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.131454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64654.149762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64626.136698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64654.149762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64626.136698                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64654.149762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64626.136698                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          677                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          677                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233785965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233785965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233785965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233785965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233785965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233785965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.112184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.112184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.112184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59381.753874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59381.753874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59381.753874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59381.753874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59381.753874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59381.753874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          144                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.582286                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.986111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.123675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.458611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.007730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.591163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.598893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          536                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          536                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          155                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          155                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2870330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2870330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2870330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2870330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2870330                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2870330                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.224313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.224313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.224313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18883.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18518.258065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18883.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18518.258065                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18883.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18518.258065                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2389686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2389686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2389686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2389686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2389686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2389686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15721.618421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15721.618421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15721.618421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15721.618421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15721.618421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15721.618421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2486                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.334543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2486                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.106999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.064532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.270011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.766876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.833409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          355                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          355                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2499                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2502                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2499                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2502                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31624969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31624969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31624969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31624969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31624969                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31624969                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.875744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.875744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.875744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12655.049620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12639.875699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12655.049620                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12639.875699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12655.049620                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12639.875699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23916551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23916551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23916551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23916551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23916551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23916551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9570.448579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9570.448579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9570.448579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9570.448579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9570.448579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9570.448579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1274                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               355.217648                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   39756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 31.205651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.154959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   355.062689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.693482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.693784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34151                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34151                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20669                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20669                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        54820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           54820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        54820                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          54820                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2719                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2720                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          413                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          413                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3132                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3133                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    210965619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    210965619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32958178                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32958178                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    243923797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    243923797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    243923797                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    243923797                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        36871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        57953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        57953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.073771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019590                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019590                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77589.414858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77560.889338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79801.883777                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79801.883777                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77881.161239                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77856.302905                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77881.161239                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77856.302905                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          593                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              593                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96729369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96729369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30403168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30403168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127132537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127132537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127132537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127132537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3321613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3321613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7330647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7330647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10652260                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10652260                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018974                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018974                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69589.474101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69589.474101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76007.920000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76007.920000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71023.763687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71023.763687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71023.763687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71023.763687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  836327                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           48978                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        48978                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7363                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35229                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21606                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       202045                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                227908                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              48978                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21606                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                69957                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28200                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        163902                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           23                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1179                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35094                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4457                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             46                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       460402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.945526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.421328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          392218     85.19%     85.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3037      0.66%     85.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2763      0.60%     86.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3849      0.84%     87.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6236      1.35%     88.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4092      0.89%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6263      1.36%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3322      0.72%     91.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38622      8.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       460402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.058563                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.272511                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          199100                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       175129                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            63933                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1823                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20404                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        419109                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20404                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          204503                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         103862                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        58475                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60256                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12889                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        398411                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7899                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          126                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       437403                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       997028                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       996938                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284691                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          152701                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1354                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37382                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49624                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30431                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2089                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1179                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            369051                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2124                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           334950                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1566                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       109222                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       155420                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          972                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       460402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.727516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.493691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       337322     73.27%     73.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        40252      8.74%     82.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        26344      5.72%     87.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19956      4.33%     92.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14946      3.25%     95.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10660      2.32%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7891      1.71%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2536      0.55%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          495      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       460402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            852     49.53%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           448     26.05%     75.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          420     24.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4151      1.24%      1.24% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259313     77.42%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44863     13.39%     92.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26613      7.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        334950                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.400501                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1720                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005135                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1134493                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       480499                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       319597                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        332505                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5602                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16450                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          129                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9303                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           22                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20404                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91374                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          961                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       371175                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5850                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49624                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30431                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1749                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           522                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           51                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          155                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1788                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6795                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8583                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       325021                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42573                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9929                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68085                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33866                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25512                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.388629                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                320454                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               319606                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208378                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           339577                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.382154                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613640                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       117984                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7525                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       440146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.575232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.541602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       355225     80.71%     80.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30381      6.90%     87.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16268      3.70%     91.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13135      2.98%     94.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8113      1.84%     96.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3460      0.79%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2295      0.52%     97.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2810      0.64%     98.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8459      1.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       440146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133851                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253186                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54298                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33171                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27935                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251143                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8459                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              802655                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             762973                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2587                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 375925                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                2041                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253186                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.248194                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.248194                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.160046                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.160046                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          644856                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         348847                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         139835                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003928                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003928224490                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975431002899                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  49617                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    94609                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4198915270                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4555384                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4764.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   236377734                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     450723337                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1198912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       472640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1595968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             4346816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       472640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         472640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2490944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          2490944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             18733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        24937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                67919                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          38921                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               38921                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               59934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        79783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 217298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23627                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23627                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           124523                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                124523                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           124523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              59934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        79783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                341821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    45081                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.948102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      18086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    45096                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.401056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.066381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.881721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.930108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.934256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           5318                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              5318                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          1442                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             1442                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            6760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               6760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           6760                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              6760                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        31599                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           31859                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        35388                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          52028                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         66987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            83887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        66987                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           83887                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11064000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1283580034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1294644034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2927941920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2344149000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5272090920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2939005920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   3627729034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6566734954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2939005920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   3627729034                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6566734954                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        36917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         37177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        36830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        53470                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        73747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          90647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        73747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         90647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.855947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.856955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.960847                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.973032                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.908335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.925425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.908335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.925425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42553.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40620.906801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40636.681440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175958.048077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66241.353001                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101331.800569                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173905.675740                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54155.717288                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78280.722329                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173905.675740                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54155.717288                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78280.722329                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21462600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1883                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11398.088157                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          35274                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               35274                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        31599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        35388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        52028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        66987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        66987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7875400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    889800400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    897675800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2727395084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1906747603                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4634142687                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2735270484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2796548003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5531818487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2735270484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2796548003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5531818487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.855947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.856955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.960847                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.973032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.908335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.908335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        30290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28159.131618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28176.521548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163905.954567                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 53881.191449                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89070.167737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161850.324497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41747.622718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65943.691955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161850.324497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41747.622718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65943.691955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1137452                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3049.839516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         8538366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1140604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          7.485829                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          536.735671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.098598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.658653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1978.808826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    502.537748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.131039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.483108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.122690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.744590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1302349                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        82011                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5702629                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       764625                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                7851614                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          809291                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               809291                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        51497                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               51497                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       191476                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               191476                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1302349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        82011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5702629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       956101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 8043090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1302349                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        82011                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5702629                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       956101                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                8043090                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10296                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1227                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       730640                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       273363                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1015526                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks             1                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                  1                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        22365                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             22365                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        86003                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              86003                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       730640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       359366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1101529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10296                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1227                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       730640                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       359366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1101529                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    239336008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     32762854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16233544410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7925465402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    24431108674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    580792827                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    580792827                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3703198257                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3703198257                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    239336008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     32762854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16233544410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11628663659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     28134306931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    239336008                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     32762854                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16233544410                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11628663659                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    28134306931                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1312645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6433269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1037988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            8867140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       809292                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           809292                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        73862                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           73862                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       277479                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           277479                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1312645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6433269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1315467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             9144619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1312645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6433269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1315467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            9144619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.113572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.263359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.114527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000001                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000001                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.302794                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.302794                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.309944                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.309944                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.113572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.273185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.120457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.113572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.273185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.120457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23245.533023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26701.592502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22218.253052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28992.458387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24057.590524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25968.827498                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25968.827498                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43058.942793                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43058.942793                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23245.533023                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26701.592502                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22218.253052                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32358.830994                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25541.140479                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23245.533023                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26701.592502                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22218.253052                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32358.830994                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25541.140479                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              181438                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   181438                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                45                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       730632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       273353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1015481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22365                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        22365                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        86003                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         86003                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       730632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       359356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1101484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       730632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       359356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1101484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    183757343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     25942773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12060634252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6401842808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18672177176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1345185058                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1345185058                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3220759519                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3220759519                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    183757343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     25942773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12060634252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9622602327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21892936695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    183757343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     25942773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12060634252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9622602327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21892936695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3933449558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3933449558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6379110722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6379110722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10312560280                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10312560280                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.113571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.263349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.302794                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302794                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.309944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.113571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.273178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.120452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.014609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.113571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.273178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17875.227918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21334.517270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16507.125683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23419.691051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18387.519979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60146.883881                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60146.883881                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37449.385707                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37449.385707                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17875.227918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21334.517270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16507.125683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26777.352617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19875.855387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17875.227918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21334.517270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16507.125683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26777.352617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19875.855387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          8722                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30366.363042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1115677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         39708                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         28.097033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11063.480766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker               3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.274648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   167.852324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    51.872601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8516.585109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  10559.297528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.337631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.259906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.322244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.926708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10065                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1143                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723246                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       228860                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 963314                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          181439                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               181439                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1289                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1289                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        59962                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                59962                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       288822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 1023276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10065                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1143                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723246                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       288822                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                1023276                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          215                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7386                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        44493                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                52167                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28819                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             28819                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        18299                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              18299                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        62792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 70466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          215                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7386                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        62792                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                70466                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20120959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6835469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    691198849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2352071788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3070227065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    450894980                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    450894980                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1472032492                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1472032492                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20120959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6835469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    691198849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3824104280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      4542259557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20120959                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6835469                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    691198849                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3824104280                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     4542259557                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       273353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1015481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       181439                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           181439                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        30108                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           30108                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        78261                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            78261                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       351614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1093742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       351614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1093742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.162768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.051372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.957187                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.957187                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.233820                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.233820                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.178582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.064427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.178582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.064427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93585.855814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93636.561644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93582.297455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52863.861461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58853.816877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15645.753843                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15645.753843                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80443.329799                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80443.329799                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93585.855814                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93636.561644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93582.297455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60901.138362                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64460.300812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93585.855814                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93636.561644                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93582.297455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60901.138362                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64460.300812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                3647                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     3647                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        44493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           52167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28819                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        28819                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        18299                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         18299                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        62792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            70466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           73                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        62792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           70466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17111223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5814102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    587115372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1726796653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2336837350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1558546978                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1558546978                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1210592141                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1210592141                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17111223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5814102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    587115372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2937388794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3547429491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17111223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5814102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    587115372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2937388794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3547429491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3505893513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3505893513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5675358164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5675358164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9181251677                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9181251677                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.162768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.957187                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.957187                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.233820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.178582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.064427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.060033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.178582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79587.083721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79645.232877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79490.302193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38810.524195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44795.317921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54080.536382                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54080.536382                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66156.191103                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66156.191103                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79587.083721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79645.232877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79490.302193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46779.666104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50342.427426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79587.083721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79645.232877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79490.302193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46779.666104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50342.427426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       591254                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       746610                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       8537                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       7193                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  4952                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  7188                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  535041                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     15730                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1337864                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           786                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   236455                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   298585                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            427                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            360                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                8860                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               6433286                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                16841477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               6433798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.617657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16837214                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       16837214                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16837214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        16837214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16837214                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       16837214                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6724586                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      6724586                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6724586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       6724586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6724586                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      6724586                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  91119359147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91119359147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  91119359147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  91119359147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  91119359147                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  91119359147                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23561800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23561800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23561800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     23561800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23561800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     23561800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.285402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.285402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.285402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.285402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.285402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.285402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13550.181252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13550.181252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13550.181252                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13550.181252                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13550.181252                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13550.181252                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       102366                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        34122                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       291199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       291199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       291199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       291199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       291199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       291199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6433387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6433387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6433387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6433387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6433387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6433387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  64778566603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  64778566603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  64778566603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  64778566603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  64778566603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  64778566603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.273043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.273043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.273043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.273043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.273043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.273043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10069.123248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10069.123248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10069.123248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10069.123248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10069.123248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10069.123248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        83346                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         91069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        83362                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.092452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972603093300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        90717                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        90717                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        90717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        90717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        90717                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        90717                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83548                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        83548                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        83548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83548                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        83548                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1474333797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1474333797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1474333797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1474333797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1474333797                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1474333797                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       174265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       174265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       174265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       174265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       174265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       174265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.479431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.479431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.479431                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.479431                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.479431                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.479431                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17646.548056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17646.548056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17646.548056                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17646.548056                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17646.548056                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17646.548056                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           53                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        83548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1218525650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1218525650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1218525650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1218525650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1218525650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1218525650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.479431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.479431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.479431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14584.737516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14584.737516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14584.737516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14584.737516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14584.737516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14584.737516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      1313008                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         87166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1313024                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.066386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        86734                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        86734                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        86734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        86734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        86734                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        86734                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1313255                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1313255                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1313255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1313255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1313255                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1313255                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20729434807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20729434807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20729434807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  20729434807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  20729434807                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  20729434807                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1399989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1399989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1399989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      1399989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1399989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      1399989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.938047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.938047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.938047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15784.775087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15784.775087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15784.775087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15784.775087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15784.775087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15784.775087                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          969                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          969                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1313255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1313255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1313255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1313255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1313255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1313255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16724168267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16724168267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16724168267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16724168267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16724168267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16724168267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.938047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.938047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.938047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12734.897843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12734.897843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12734.897843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12734.897843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12734.897843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12734.897843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1299563                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               503.294742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                49840342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1300069                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 38.336690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   503.294742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.982998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.982998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     31230793                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       31230793                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18517205                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      18517205                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     49747998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        49747998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     49747998                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       49747998                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1607306                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1607306                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       352980                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       352980                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1960286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       1960286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1960286                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      1960286                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37583149444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37583149444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9701011923                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9701011923                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47284161367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  47284161367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47284161367                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  47284161367                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     32838099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32838099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18870185                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18870185                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51708284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     51708284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51708284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     51708284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018706                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018706                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23382.697162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23382.697162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27483.177299                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27483.177299                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24121.052421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24121.052421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24121.052421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24121.052421                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       808270                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           808270                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       568029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       568029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3912                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3912                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       571941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       571941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       571941                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       571941                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1039277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1039277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       349068                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       349068                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1388345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1388345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1388345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1388345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19332923132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19332923132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8403814720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8403814720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27736737852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27736737852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27736737852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27736737852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4104977108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4104977108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6640289638                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6640289638                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10745266746                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10745266746                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018498                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018498                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18602.281328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18602.281328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24075.007506                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24075.007506                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19978.274746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19978.274746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19978.274746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19978.274746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               391623814                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        29559165                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     29559165                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      3996103                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     25426812                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        15156377                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204698653                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             143654416                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           29559165                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     15156377                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             46922783                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       13845396                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            642875                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      69901197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       178817                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       137228                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         23561802                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2859635                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          36011                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    332072932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.835451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.284761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       286586812     86.30%     86.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         3667055      1.10%     87.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         2253647      0.68%     88.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         3509423      1.06%     89.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2800161      0.84%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         3195652      0.96%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         3208300      0.97%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         2515668      0.76%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        24336214      7.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    332072932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.075478                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.366817                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       201064776                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     76998339                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         43655703                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       762772                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       9591342                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     271572447                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          123                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       9591342                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       203578670                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       10024128                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     62361594                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         41907168                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      4610030                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     263310708                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        21468                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        289939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      2494638                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        10402                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    289419847                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    659895538                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    654831826                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5063712                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    220730457                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        68689382                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1595230                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1613146                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         17001212                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     39317221                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23735424                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3227507                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1917902                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         251600330                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      2135417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        237471595                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       507502                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     49724643                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69699934                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       583247                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    332072932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.715119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.464664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    241467067     72.72%     72.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31283857      9.42%     82.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     21249372      6.40%     88.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13260822      3.99%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10403995      3.13%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7258879      2.19%     97.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4515392      1.36%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2164583      0.65%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       468965      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    332072932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         440454     32.14%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     32.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        50019      3.65%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        512322     37.38%     73.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       367828     26.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1869580      0.79%      0.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    175037064     73.71%     74.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1356900      0.57%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37137089     15.64%     90.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22070962      9.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     237471595                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.606377                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1370623                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005772                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    805936290                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    300926342                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    229018176                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3400935                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2585598                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1538827                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     235256337                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        1716301                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3181652                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8456742                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        46059                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        53397                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4815964                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        62584                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       9591342                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        7406876                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       138905                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    253735747                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      2125421                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     39317221                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23735577                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1888163                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         62452                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         7942                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        53397                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1598796                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2854480                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4453276                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    233343873                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36107762                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      4127722                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            57668119                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        23473068                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          21560357                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.595837                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             230928452                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            230557003                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        148802639                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        231072128                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.588721                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.643966                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     54911484                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1552170                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4006935                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    322661348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.615569                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.565219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    254977772     79.02%     79.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24401297      7.56%     86.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11834996      3.67%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     12402147      3.84%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      6340074      1.96%     96.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2584720      0.80%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2096630      0.65%     97.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1710662      0.53%     98.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6313050      1.96%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    322661348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    104243883                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     198620440                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              49780097                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             30860477                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             199208                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          20772417                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           1259592                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        196686215                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      6313050                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           569512768                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          516676425                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                3053301                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               59550882                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59678541784                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          104243883                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            198620440                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    104243883                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.756804                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.756804                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.266184                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.266184                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       460711265                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      249685184                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          2715202                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         1453965                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      107724511                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1500459                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1171538                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       368088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        67496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1401384024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       235216206                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1638213136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1401384024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1401384024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1016182                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    157784896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       161762486                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            37971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        46011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        175173003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         37108394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           212374539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           35879                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        23348103                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           23430254                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              58565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        18401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           70055442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           11758501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              81894572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      70055442                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         70055442                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             50799                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           7887696                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              8086536                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            109365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        18401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          70055442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          19646196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             89981108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      746610                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      591254                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      7193                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      8537                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5414                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 8532                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 535041                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    15730                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1337864                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          786                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  298585                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  236455                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           360                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           427                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               7959                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072786391                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 131054772                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   250182552                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           248001546                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               960990                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     17065476                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  248001546                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      960990                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         634027252                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        279200628                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            1603580                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            784379                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    60519530                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  37129431                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 23390099                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59779400380.705605                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             293386010.294393                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.004884                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.995116                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
