
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289826217                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083178723010                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 288494                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   514456                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              179312937                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4488652                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      466289                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        831515                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        77120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        40064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              136000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        77120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          77248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        15360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            15360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1205                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data          626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 2125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 240                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     56530428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        883288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              441644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4637262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1324932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    266090490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    138234561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              469246714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441644                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    266090490                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         266532134                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         52997276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              52997276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         52997276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     56530428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       883288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             441644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4637262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1324932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    266090490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    138234561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             522243990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      243                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.836659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083018846000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.836659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.552291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.552291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            256                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       130000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       130000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     48056968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     48056968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     48186968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     48186968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     48186968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     48186968                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 187722.531250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 187722.531250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186050.069498                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 186050.069498                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 186050.069498                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 186050.069498                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       265900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  25                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        10636                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 240                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        92600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        92600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     44975384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44975384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     45067984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45067984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     45067984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45067984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30866.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30866.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175685.093750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175685.093750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174007.660232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174007.660232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174007.660232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174007.660232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            4                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        16384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                            12                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1349.287394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                               9                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                            12                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.750000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           31.432963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.999964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    18.647487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.026824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    898.333776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    384.846444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.007674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.219320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.093957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.329416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1172                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          288                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           84                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   1636                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             139                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  139                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    1652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1172                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          288                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          100                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   1652                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1205                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 1743                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          126                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                126                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  1869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1205                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 1869                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2222701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       615546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    126134970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     53483986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      182457203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13016312                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     13016312                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2222701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       615546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    126134970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66500298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       195473515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2222701                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       615546                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    126134970                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66500298                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      195473515                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               3379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          139                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              139                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          142                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              142                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data          726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                3521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data          726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               3521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.061224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.807100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.856164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.515833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.887324                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.887324                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.061224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.807100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.862259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.530815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.061224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.807100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.862259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.530815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105842.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       102591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104676.323651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106967.972000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104679.978772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103304.063492                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103304.063492                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105842.904762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       102591                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104676.323651                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106230.507987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104587.220439                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105842.904762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       102591                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 104676.323651                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106230.507987                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104587.220439                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   1                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        1                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          126                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           126                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             1858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            1858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2108101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       582246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    119491070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     50757186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    172938603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     12317612                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12317612                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2108101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       582246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    119491070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     63074798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    185256215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2108101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       582246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    119491070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     63074798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    185256215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       636465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       636465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2057187                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2057187                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2693652                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2693652                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.061224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.807100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.856164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.512578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.887324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.061224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.807100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.862259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.527691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.061224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.807100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.862259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.527691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100385.761905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        97041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99162.713693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101514.372000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99849.077945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97758.825397                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97758.825397                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100385.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        97041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99162.713693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100758.463259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99707.327772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100385.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        97041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 99162.713693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100758.463259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99707.327772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1327.201358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.999964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    18.648500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.592987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    902.001217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    389.958753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.027527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.011901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.040503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               1                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    1                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1205                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 1743                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          126                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                126                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  1869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1205                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 1869                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2035101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       562146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115392442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     48992524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      166982213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     11893841                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     11893841                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2035101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       562146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115392442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     60886365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       178876054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2035101                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       562146                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115392442                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     60886365                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      178876054                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               1743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          126                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              126                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                1869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               1869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total                  1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96909.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        93691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95761.362656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97985.048000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95801.613884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94395.563492                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94395.563492                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96909.571429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        93691                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95761.362656                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97262.563898                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95706.823970                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96909.571429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        93691                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95761.362656                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97262.563898                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95706.823970                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          126                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           126                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             1858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            1858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1744305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       478700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98474945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     42038426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142736376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     10102326                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10102326                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1744305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       478700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98474945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     52140752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    152838702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1744305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       478700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98474945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     52140752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    152838702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       566800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      1842100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1842100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2408900                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2408900                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.994114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83062.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79783.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81721.946058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84076.852000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82411.302540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80177.190476                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80177.190476                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83062.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79783.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81721.946058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83291.936102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82259.796555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83062.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79783.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81721.946058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83291.936102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82259.796555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           28                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   28                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          28                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 69                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                30                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          8                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1009                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               416.518378                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                    9787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  9.699703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      1.254876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   415.263502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.002451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.811062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.813512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12899                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          12911                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           12911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        12899                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          12911                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1813                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1815                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1813                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1815                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    165331236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165331236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    165331236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    165331236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    165331236                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    165331236                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        14726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        14726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        14712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        14726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.123251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.123251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.142857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.123251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91192.077220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91091.590083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91192.077220                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91091.590083                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91192.077220                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91091.590083                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130790252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130790252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130790252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130790252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130790252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130790252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87602.312123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87602.312123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87602.312123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87602.312123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87602.312123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87602.312123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           90                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.759548                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs            53                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           90                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.588889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.316905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.442642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.019807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.590165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.609972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          107                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          107                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          101                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          101                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1899646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1899646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1899646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1899646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1899646                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1899646                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.478049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.485577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.478049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.485577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.478049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.485577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19384.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18808.376238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19384.142857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18808.376238                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19384.142857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18808.376238                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1594115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1594115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1594115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1594115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1594115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1594115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.478049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.471154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.478049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.471154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.478049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.471154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16266.479592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16266.479592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16266.479592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16266.479592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16266.479592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16266.479592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         1182                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.344371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         1182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.109137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.052060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.292311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.065754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.830769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.896523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          158                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          160                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          158                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          160                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1193                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         1197                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1193                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         1197                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14378393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14378393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14378393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     14378393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14378393                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     14378393                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.882093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.882093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.882093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12052.299246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12012.024227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12052.299246                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12012.024227                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12052.299246                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12012.024227                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10687936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10687936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10687936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10687936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10687936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10687936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8958.873428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8958.873428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8958.873428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8958.873428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8958.873428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8958.873428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   341                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               321.871847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   12328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 36.152493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.213866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   321.657980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.628238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.628656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14607                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          14613                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7987                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          7987                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        22594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           22600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        22594                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          22600                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1037                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1039                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          144                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          144                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          1183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1181                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         1183                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96799080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96799080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     14075805                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     14075805                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110874885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    110874885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110874885                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    110874885                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        15652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         8131                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         8131                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        23783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        23783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.066287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93345.303761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93165.620789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97748.645833                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97748.645833                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93882.205758                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93723.486898                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93882.205758                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93723.486898                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          139                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              139                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          455                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          455                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     55506652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55506652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     13384623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13384623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68891275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68891275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     68891275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68891275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data       664065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       664065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2134770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2134770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2798835                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2798835                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94883.165812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94883.165812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94926.404255                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94926.404255                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94891.563361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94891.563361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94891.563361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94891.563361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  409605                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           22061                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        22061                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         3584                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        15338                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits            8137                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles        88142                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                 99420                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              22061                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches         8137                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                30275                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          13997                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles         58547                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          260                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            14712                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2057                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             18                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       188834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.019017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.521346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          159363     84.39%     84.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            1236      0.65%     85.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1210      0.64%     85.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            1646      0.87%     86.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            2142      1.13%     87.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            1546      0.82%     88.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            2210      1.17%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1575      0.83%     90.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           17906      9.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       188834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.053859                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.242722                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles           85924                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles        64531                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            27381                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles          749                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         10247                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        183430                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         10247                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles           88503                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          35826                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        23569                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            25497                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles         5190                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        172255                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents           958                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         3420                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       186186                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       433812                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       433812                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       107716                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           78453                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          547                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          547                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            15856                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        21372                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        12717                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads          569                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          301                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            156646                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          849                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           138874                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          876                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        55267                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        81391                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          410                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       188834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.735429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.517584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       139108     73.67%     73.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        15511      8.21%     81.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        10525      5.57%     87.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3         8085      4.28%     91.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4         6336      3.36%     95.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         4427      2.34%     97.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         3533      1.87%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1091      0.58%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          218      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       188834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            266     47.93%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           135     24.32%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          154     27.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2029      1.46%      1.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       107033     77.07%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        18924     13.63%     92.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        10888      7.84%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        138874                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.339044                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt                555                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.003996                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       468463                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       212836                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       131266                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        137400                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2094                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         8471                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           77                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4572                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           10                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         10247                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          29921                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          296                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       157495                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3550                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        21372                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        12717                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          711                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           123                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           77                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          769                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3364                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         4133                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       134013                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        17788                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         4860                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               28130                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           13901                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             10342                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.327176                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                131680                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               131266                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers            84971                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           141185                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.320470                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.601842                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts        59786                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          438                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         3619                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       178659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.493523                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       145327     81.34%     81.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        12176      6.82%     88.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         6420      3.59%     91.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         4905      2.75%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         3354      1.88%     96.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1417      0.79%     97.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          951      0.53%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         1089      0.61%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         3020      1.69%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       178659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts        50644                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps         97721                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 21042                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                12898                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 34                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             10975                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts            96935                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         3020                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              333074                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             325364                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   1076                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 220771                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts              50644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps                97721                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total        50644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      8.087927                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                8.087927                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.123641                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.123641                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          263567                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         140099                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          58091                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           389                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5144296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645554                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645554                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38257409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23048294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237130877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451151615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749588195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237130877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237130877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227383039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227383039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38257409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23048294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237130877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678534654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976971234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870358                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415633                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              731954                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60628                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     731954                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937068                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838728                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192340                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106982                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85358                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870358                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003808                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003807984184                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               25087279693914                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 117333                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   221479                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5114340959                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4567332                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3911.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   458927123                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     866274949                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       933888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          2566656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        28672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       646848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      7653056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            11836544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       646848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         646848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      8529856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          8529856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             40104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        10107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       119579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               184946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         133279                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              133279                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        46686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              128308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        32336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       382580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 591715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        32336                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             32336                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           426412                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                426412                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           426412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        46686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             128308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        32336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       382580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1018126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    90778                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.849072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      40409                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    90791                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.445077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.844225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.927764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.928067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          10807                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             10807                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          4596                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             4596                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           15403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              15403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          15403                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             15403                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        68370                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           68598                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        74455                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          89047                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        142825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           157645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       142825                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          157645                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      9931000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2770339671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2780270671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2574104176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   5009375000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7583479176                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2584035176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   7779714671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10363749847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2584035176                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   7779714671                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10363749847                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        79177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         79405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        79051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93643                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       158228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         173048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       158228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        173048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.863900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.941860                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.950920                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.910990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.910990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43557.017544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40519.813822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40529.908612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176405.165570                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67280.572158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85162.657653                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174361.347908                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54470.258505                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65741.062812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174361.347908                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54470.258505                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65741.062812                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     18798900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1663                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11304.209260                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55280                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55280                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        68370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        68598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        74455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        89047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       142825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       157645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        14820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       142825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       157645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7040300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1918350644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1925390944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2398237284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4090043402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6488280686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2405277584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   6008394046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8413671630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2405277584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   6008394046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8413671630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.863900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.941860                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.950920                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.910990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.910990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30878.508772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28058.368349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28067.741683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164352.884046                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54933.092499                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72863.551675                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162299.432119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42068.223672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53371.002125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162299.432119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42068.223672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53371.002125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          228                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       933888                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          228                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1565387                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4020.837543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        18385489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1569399                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         11.714987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1147.047551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.001278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.000402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    42.181958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    18.973100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2182.351254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    629.281368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.280041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.532801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.153633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.981650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2616078                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       249433                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10760270                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2413387                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               16039168                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         2617901                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              2617901                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       104691                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              104691                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       596197                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               596197                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2616078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       249433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10760270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      3009584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                16635365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2616078                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       249433                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10760270                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3009584                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               16635365                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22998                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5165                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       791356                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       481711                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1301230                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        31470                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             31470                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       286512                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             286512                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       791356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       768223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1587742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22998                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5165                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       791356                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       768223                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1587742                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    525247604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    123705645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18027023120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14223248758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    32899225127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1051512437                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1051512437                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16479138537                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  16479138537                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    525247604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    123705645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18027023120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30702387295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     49378363664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    525247604                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    123705645                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18027023120                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30702387295                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    49378363664                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2639076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       254598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11551626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2895098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           17340398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2617901                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          2617901                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       136161                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          136161                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       882709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           882709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2639076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       254598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11551626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3777807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            18223107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2639076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       254598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11551626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3777807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           18223107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.068506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.166388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.075040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.231123                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.231123                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.324583                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.324583                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.068506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.203352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.087128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.068506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.203352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.087128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22838.838334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23950.754114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22779.915891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29526.518510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25283.174479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33413.169272                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33413.169272                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57516.399093                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57516.399093                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22838.838334                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23950.754114                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22779.915891                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39965.462236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31099.740174                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22838.838334                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23950.754114                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22779.915891                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39965.462236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31099.740174                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              493409                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   493409                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                45                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       791349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       481673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1301185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        31470                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        31470                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       286512                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        286512                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       791349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       768185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1587697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       791349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       768185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1587697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    402048847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     95271294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13523669485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11545364816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25566354442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1749167918                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1749167918                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14869198916                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14869198916                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    402048847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     95271294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13523669485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26414563732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40435553358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    402048847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     95271294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13523669485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26414563732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40435553358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4507052036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4507052036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8706372667                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8706372667                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13213424703                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13213424703                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.068505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.166375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.075038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.231123                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231123                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.324583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.068505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.203342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.087125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.068505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.203342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17481.904818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18445.555470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17089.387217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23969.300368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19648.516116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55582.075564                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55582.075564                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51897.298947                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51897.298947                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17481.904818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18445.555470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17089.387217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34385.680184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25468.054269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17481.904818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18445.555470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17089.387217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34385.680184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25468.054269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        101421                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32001.526373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1613232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        133637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         12.071747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        21553.736355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.044345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.086456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.451987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   118.629661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    44.051810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4348.341421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   5931.183710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.657768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.132701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.181005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.976609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22550                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5049                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       781241                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       396629                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                1205469                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          493409                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               493409                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          489                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 489                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       149888                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               149888                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       781241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       546517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 1355357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22550                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5049                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       781241                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       546517                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                1355357                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          448                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10108                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        85044                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                95716                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54576                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             54576                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       113029                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             113029                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       198073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                208745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          448                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10108                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       198073                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               208745                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     41733050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10846437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    946280590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4495246454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5494106531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    807499433                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    807499433                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9915077461                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9915077461                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     41733050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10846437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    946280590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14410323915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     15409183992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     41733050                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10846437                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    946280590                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14410323915                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    15409183992                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       791349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       481673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1301185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       493409                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           493409                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        55065                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           55065                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       262917                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           262917                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       791349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       744590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1564102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       791349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       744590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1564102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.176560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.073561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991120                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.991120                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.429904                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.429904                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.266016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.133460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.266016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.133460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93154.129464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93503.767241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93616.995449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52857.890668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57400.084949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14795.870584                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14795.870584                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87721.535721                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87721.535721                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93154.129464                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93503.767241                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93616.995449                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72752.590787                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73818.218362                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93154.129464                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93503.767241                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93616.995449                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72752.590787                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73818.218362                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               78000                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    78000                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        85044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           95716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54576                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        54576                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       113029                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        113029                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       198073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           208745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        10108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       198073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          208745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35457005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9225032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    803810934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3299930198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4148423169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3033832249                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3033832249                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8284493453                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8284493453                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35457005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9225032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    803810934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11584423651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12432916622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35457005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9225032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    803810934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11584423651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12432916622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4017449641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4017449641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7755477892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7755477892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11772927533                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11772927533                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.176560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991120                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991120                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.429904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.266016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.133460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.022459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.012773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.266016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79145.100446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79526.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79522.253067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38802.622149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43340.958346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55589.127987                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55589.127987                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73295.291058                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73295.291058                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79145.100446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79526.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79522.253067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58485.627274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59560.308616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79145.100446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79526.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79522.253067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58485.627274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59560.308616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1267646                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1595034                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18294                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      15465                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 10592                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 15460                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 1144854                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     33759                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2862680                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                          1688                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   506962                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   637892                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            915                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            773                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               10084                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              11551675                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.993029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                34010866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              11552187                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.944106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5086339276897                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.000140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.992889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     34007742                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       34007742                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     34007742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        34007742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     34007742                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       34007742                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12057264                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     12057264                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12057264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      12057264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12057264                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     12057264                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 164484673378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 164484673378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 164484673378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 164484673378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 164484673378                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 164484673378                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46065006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     46065006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46065006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     46065006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46065006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     46065006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.261745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.261745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.261745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.261745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.261745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.261745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13641.956697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13641.956697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13641.956697                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13641.956697                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13641.956697                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13641.956697                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       117171                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        39057                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       505274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       505274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       505274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       505274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       505274                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       505274                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11551990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11551990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11551990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11551990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11551990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11551990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 118070655996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 118070655996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 118070655996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 118070655996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 118070655996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 118070655996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.250776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.250776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.250776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10220.806631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10220.806631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10220.806631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10220.806631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10220.806631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10220.806631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       254766                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999073                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        263030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       254782                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.032373                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5087113697300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       262976                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       262976                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       262976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       262976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       262976                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       262976                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       254978                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       254978                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       254978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       254978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       254978                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       254978                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4394155033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4394155033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4394155033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4394155033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4394155033                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4394155033                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       517954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       517954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       517954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       517954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       517954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       517954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.492279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.492279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.492279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.492279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.492279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.492279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17233.467331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17233.467331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17233.467331                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17233.467331                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17233.467331                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17233.467331                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3931                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3931                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       254978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       254978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       254978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       254978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       254978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       254978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3611816387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3611816387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3611816387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3611816387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3611816387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3611816387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.492279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.492279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.492279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.492279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.492279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.492279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14165.207928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14165.207928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14165.207928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14165.207928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14165.207928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14165.207928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      2640825                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        357869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2640841                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.135513                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5086421445300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       357838                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       357838                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       357838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       357838                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       357838                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       357838                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2642129                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2642129                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2642129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2642129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2642129                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2642129                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  43990236241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  43990236241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  43990236241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  43990236241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  43990236241                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  43990236241                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2999967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2999967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2999967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2999967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2999967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2999967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.880719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.880719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.880719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16649.541427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16649.541427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16649.541427                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16649.541427                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16649.541427                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16649.541427                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         7064                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         7064                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2642129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2642129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2642129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2642129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2642129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2642129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  35939310720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35939310720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  35939310720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35939310720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  35939310720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35939310720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13602.405757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13602.405757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13602.405757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13602.405757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13602.405757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13602.405757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               3746699                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               506.612439                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                95677011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               3747207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 25.532886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5086573220000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   506.612439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.989477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.989477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     59186966                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       59186966                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     36314531                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      36314531                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     95501497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        95501497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     95501497                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       95501497                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4579751                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4579751                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1024898                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1024898                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5604649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       5604649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5604649                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      5604649                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  99512749378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  99512749378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31924406052                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31924406052                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 131437155430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 131437155430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 131437155430                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 131437155430                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63766717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63766717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     37339429                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     37339429                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    101106146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    101106146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    101106146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    101106146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027448                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027448                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21728.855865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21728.855865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31148.861694                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31148.861694                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23451.451720                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23451.451720                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23451.451720                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23451.451720                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2606906                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          2606906                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1679691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1679691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        13233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        13233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1692924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1692924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1692924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1692924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2900060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2900060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1011665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1011665                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3911725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3911725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3911725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3911725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50582506691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  50582506691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28110710828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28110710828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  78693217519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  78693217519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  78693217519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  78693217519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4704984407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4704984407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9065041520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9065041520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13770025927                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13770025927                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17441.882820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17441.882820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27786.580368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27786.580368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20117.267323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20117.267323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20117.267323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20117.267323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               753731648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        57307563                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     57307563                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      7460373                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     48584114                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        29525205                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    391701984                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             282805323                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           57307563                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     29525205                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             90717368                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       26609326                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2576816                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     150283635                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       207236                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       308947                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         46065008                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      5315931                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes         106441                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    654416932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.825341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.275238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       566637560     86.59%     86.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         6240468      0.95%     87.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         4446828      0.68%     88.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         6929788      1.06%     89.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         5372402      0.82%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         6068250      0.93%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         6207328      0.95%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         4995634      0.76%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        47518674      7.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    654416932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.076032                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.375207                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       386157245                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    163844489                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         84238298                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1555991                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      18620909                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     528965751                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          372                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      18620909                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       391242025                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       47478072                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    104925343                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         80705812                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     11444771                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     512710428                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        51144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        813122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      7307173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        16554                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    563631331                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   1291078449                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1280849959                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10228490                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    428049062                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       135582275                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2901975                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2925386                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         37190278                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     76900464                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     46941309                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      6909356                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4118043                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         489797360                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      4045434                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        461461567                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1101393                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     98533704                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    138761008                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1181003                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    654416932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.705149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.451293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    477050024     72.90%     72.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     61789605      9.44%     82.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     42035767      6.42%     88.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     25706039      3.93%     92.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     20234688      3.09%     95.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     14049681      2.15%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      8459057      1.29%     99.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      4195756      0.64%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       896315      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    654416932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         761574     29.48%     29.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     29.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     29.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd       103099      3.99%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       1010016     39.09%     72.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       709069     27.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      3163372      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    339328073     73.53%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      2775189      0.60%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     72594438     15.73%     90.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     43600495      9.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     461461567                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.612236                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            2583758                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005599                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1575021439                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    587326347                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    445181693                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      6931750                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5172500                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3142134                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     457381353                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3500600                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      6672104                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     16637104                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        84724                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       126034                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      9530008                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       100978                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      18620909                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       38390945                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       433495                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    493842794                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      4282147                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     76900464                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     46941574                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3521919                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        167292                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        13700                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       126034                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3126969                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      5122222                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      8249191                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    453678940                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     70569667                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      7782628                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           113177597                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        45513493                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          42607930                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.601910                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             448999336                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            448323827                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        289220415                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        450437448                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.594806                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.642088                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    108017593                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2864432                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      7485699                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    636157907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.606179                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.578317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    507249828     79.74%     79.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     46600949      7.33%     87.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     21723326      3.41%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     23246940      3.65%     94.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     11861974      1.86%     96.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      4837167      0.76%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3853479      0.61%     97.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3191595      0.50%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     13592649      2.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    636157907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    204684809                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     385625383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              97674926                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             60263360                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             422685                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          40357252                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           2555157                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        381882125                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     13592649                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          1115625124                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         1005942798                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                5681772                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               99314716                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59318125901                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          204684809                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            385625383                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    204684809                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.682402                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.682402                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.271562                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.271562                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       899432511                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      485252659                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          5589202                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         2964042                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      209948557                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2632567                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2504778                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1204832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        73456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2712196888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       449272508                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3165258230                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2712196888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2712196888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2177390                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    302448356                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       307587154                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            81540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       150604                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        339024611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         71204349                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           410471007                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           77121                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        45008401                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           45131794                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             125215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        60230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          135584029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           22459349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             158232784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     135584029                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        135584029                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            108849                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          15119539                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             15376430                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            234064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        60230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         135584029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          37578888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            173609214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1595034                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1267646                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     15465                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18294                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                11550                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                18290                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                1144854                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    33759                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2862680                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                         1688                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  637892                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  506962                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           773                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           915                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               9185                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60073340967                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 253355654                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   479076123                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           474751908                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              2027286                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     32813532                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  474751908                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     2027286                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1213023506                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        532994125                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            3384200                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           1655825                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   116288828                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  71224168                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 45064660                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59510412614.664345                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             562928352.335656                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.009371                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.990629                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
