
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 181682                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   322593                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              101272168                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490008                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      520011                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        923334                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        67008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              286656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6402984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    436065298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    231169806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              988929858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    436065298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         436727676                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6402984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    436065298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    231169806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1296273096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.220308                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083047768000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.220308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.576269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.576269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249308824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    249308824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250263824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    250263824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250263824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    250263824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177065.926136                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177065.926136                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175009.667133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175009.667133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175009.667133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175009.667133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1660100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 152                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10921.710526                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       675600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       675600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232341300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232341300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233016900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233016900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233016900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233016900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30709.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30709.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165015.127841                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165015.127841                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162948.881119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162948.881119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162948.881119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162948.881119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           158                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1790.764140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              45                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.284810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           93.885375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.997506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.552384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.739419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1227.586903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    432.002654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.022921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.299704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.105469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.437198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2269                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2308                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          369                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5045                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             529                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  529                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           59                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   59                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2269                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2308                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          428                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5104                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1997                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          721                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2765                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          339                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                342                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1997                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1060                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3107                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3070505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205643390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     75663192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      284782811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34833518                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34833518                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3070505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205643390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110496710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       319616329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3070505                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405724                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205643390                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110496710                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      319616329                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          529                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              529                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          398                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              401                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.040000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.463879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.661468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.354033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.851759                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.852868                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.040000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.463879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.712366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.378395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.040000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.463879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.712366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.378395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102350.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102976.159239                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104942.013870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102995.591682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102753.740413                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101852.391813                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102350.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101431                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102976.159239                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104242.179245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102869.755069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102350.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       101431                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102976.159239                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104242.179245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102869.755069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   8                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        8                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          339                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           339                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2906405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194613101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     71736548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269639378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32957518                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32957518                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2906405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194613101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104694066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    302596896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2906405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194613101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104694066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    302596896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3819411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3819411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7504947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7504947                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11324358                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11324358                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.463879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.661468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.851759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.845387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.463879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.712366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.376446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.463879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.712366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96880.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        95831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97452.729594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99495.905687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97979.425145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97219.817109                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97219.817109                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96880.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        95831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97452.729594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98767.986792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97896.116467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96880.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        95831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97452.729594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98767.986792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97896.116467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1740.262778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.246160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.092729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.739614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1252.600805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    447.583612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     34                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               8                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    8                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     34                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          710                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2731                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          337                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                340                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1047                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3071                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2791189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187564911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69063110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      259789334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31637467                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31637467                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2791189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187564911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100700577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       291426801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2791189                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370124                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187564911                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100700577                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      291426801                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            8                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                8                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          337                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              340                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.987703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.989050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.989050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96247.896552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94969.575190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97271.985915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95126.083486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93879.724036                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93051.373529                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96247.896552                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92531                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94969.575190                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96180.111748                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94896.385868                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96247.896552                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        92531                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94969.575190                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96180.111748                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94896.385868                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2388208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159799222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     59188431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    221689461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26841288                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26841288                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2388208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159799222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86029719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    248530749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2388208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159799222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86029719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    248530749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.983897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.989603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        82352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80910.998481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83363.987324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81563.451435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79647.738872                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79647.738872                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        82352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80910.998481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82167.830946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81352.127332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        82352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80910.998481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82167.830946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81352.127332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3798                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               434.992883                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   18484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  4.866772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.393684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   434.599199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.848827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.849595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20709                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20726                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           20726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20709                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          20726                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4994                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4997                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4994                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4997                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    300731539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    300731539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    300731539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    300731539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    300731539                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    300731539                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.194296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.194262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.194296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.194262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.194296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.194262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60218.570084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60182.417250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60218.570084                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60182.417250                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60218.570084                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60182.417250                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233471076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233471076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233471076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233471076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233471076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233471076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.167490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54232.537979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54232.537979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54232.537979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54232.537979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54232.537979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54232.537979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           96                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.074657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           96                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.479167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.343327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.731330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.545708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.629666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          227                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          227                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          227                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          227                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          100                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          107                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          100                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          107                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1737915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1737915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1737915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1737915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1737915                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1737915                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.305810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.320359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.305810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.320359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.305810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.320359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17379.150000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16242.196262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17379.150000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16242.196262                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17379.150000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16242.196262                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1425580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1425580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1425580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1425580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1425580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1425580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.305810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.305810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.305810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14255.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14255.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14255.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14255.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14255.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14255.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2290                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.103520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.100873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.012717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          297                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          297                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          297                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          297                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2300                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2306                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2300                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2306                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32196179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32196179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32196179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32196179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32196179                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32196179                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.885901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.885901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.885901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13998.338696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13961.916305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13998.338696                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13961.916305                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13998.338696                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13961.916305                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25135111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25135111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25135111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25135111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25135111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25135111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.885637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10928.309130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10928.309130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10928.309130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10928.309130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10928.309130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10928.309130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   977                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               418.985725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   21544                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.051177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5083130637300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      2.999929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   415.985796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.005859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.812472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.818331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27646                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27647                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16289                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16293                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43935                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43940                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1915                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1915                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          411                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          414                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2326                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2329                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    150721889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150721889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38713420                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38713420                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    189435309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    189435309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    189435309                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    189435309                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16700                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16707                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.064779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024611                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024780                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78705.947258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78705.947258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94193.236010                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93510.676329                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81442.523216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81337.616574                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81442.523216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81337.616574                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          529                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              529                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          837                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          837                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82784461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82784461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36183905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36183905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118968366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118968366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118968366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118968366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3989468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3989468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7789066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7789066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11778534                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11778534                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023892                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023882                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75949.046789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75949.046789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90686.478697                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90686.478697                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79898.163868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79898.163868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79898.163868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79898.163868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  772904                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           37894                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        37894                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6231                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        28760                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15076                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       176302                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                183269                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              37894                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15076                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                53845                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24137                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1677                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        161618                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           26                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          399                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25703                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3989                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             31                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       411542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.822910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.286282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          358801     87.18%     87.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2500      0.61%     87.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1994      0.48%     88.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2940      0.71%     88.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3950      0.96%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3688      0.90%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5133      1.25%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1972      0.48%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30564      7.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       411542                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049028                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.237117                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          172178                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       170852                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48443                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2388                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17675                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        326082                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17675                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          176294                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         106941                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        52232                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46663                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11732                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        310679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2234                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8073                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          102                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       340404                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       768895                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       768805                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       212565                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          127836                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          949                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          948                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            29406                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40102                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25041                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2023                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1163                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            289936                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1600                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           260148                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1401                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        93801                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       134334                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          784                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       411542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.632130                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.403954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       314859     76.51%     76.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        32043      7.79%     84.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20466      4.97%     89.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16438      3.99%     93.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11411      2.77%     96.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8593      2.09%     98.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5311      1.29%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1984      0.48%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          437      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       411542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            491     37.86%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           430     33.15%     71.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          376     28.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2884      1.11%      1.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       199770     76.79%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35743     13.74%     91.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21741      8.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        260148                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.336585                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1297                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004986                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       935358                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       385429                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       248017                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        258547                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4252                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14743                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          111                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          146                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8264                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           39                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17675                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          94284                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          650                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       291536                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4464                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40102                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25041                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           249                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           86                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          146                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1144                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6154                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7298                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       252743                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33884                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7405                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54676                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25620                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20792                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.327004                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                248701                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               248026                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           161064                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           252497                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.320901                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637885                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       102083                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6286                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       393927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.480899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.399611                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       328223     83.32%     83.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24501      6.22%     89.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12540      3.18%     92.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10093      2.56%     95.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5987      1.52%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3032      0.77%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1734      0.44%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2469      0.63%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5348      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       393927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       104277                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        189439                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 42127                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25358                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20632                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           187596                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5348                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              679973                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             600849                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2518                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 361362                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97528                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             104277                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               189439                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       104277                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.412028                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.412028                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134916                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134916                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          486656                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         269743                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         110708                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           662                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.004987                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60004987002945                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65088494627724                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  84198                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   166894                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            41523692615                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4538628                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1445.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   121672304                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     241174988                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1922752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            49664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         5952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       570048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2658688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             5224320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       570048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         570048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2471488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          2471488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          269                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         8907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        41542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                81630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          38617                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               38617                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        32043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         9500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        44308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                  87065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         9500                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              9500                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            41188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 41188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            41188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         9500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        44308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                128253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    38018                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.899294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         39                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    38033                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.130675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.768618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.008167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.923039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.931206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        17089                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           20251                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          29300                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         18741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        18741                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49551                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    492326664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1965518382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2457845046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4850432544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    101178000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4951610544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5342759208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   2066696382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7409455590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5342759208                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   2066696382                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7409455590                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        17095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         20257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        29300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        18747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          49557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        18747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         49557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 155701.032258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115016.582714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121369.070466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175435.204861                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 61245.762712                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168996.946894                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173409.906134                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 110276.739875                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149531.908337                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173409.906134                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 110276.739875                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149531.908337                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     64209428                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                6573                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9768.663928                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          28345                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               28345                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        17089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        18741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        18741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    454021292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1759212748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2213234040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4517188792                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     80728800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4597917592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4971210084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1839941548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6811151632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4971210084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1839941548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6811151632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143586.746363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 102944.159869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109290.111106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163382.117766                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 48867.312349                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156925.515085                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161350.538267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98177.341017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137457.400093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161350.538267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98177.341017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137457.400093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          432                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1769472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          432                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        149320                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3988.958091                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2258883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        153327                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         14.732454                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          920.444320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.000149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    59.242099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    17.831711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1626.996914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1363.442843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.224718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.397216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.332872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.973867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       668909                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        27322                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1118923                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       207984                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                2023138                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          249958                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               249958                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         9434                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                9434                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        77985                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                77985                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       668909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        27322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1118923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       285969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 2101123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       668909                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        27322                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1118923                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       285969                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                2101123                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2604                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          737                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        50293                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        73302                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               126936                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8016                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8016                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        31639                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              31639                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        50293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       104941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                158575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2604                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          737                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        50293                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       104941                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               158575                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     77245522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     23096335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1826846127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3956747178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5883935162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101734711                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    101734711                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2553630794                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2553630794                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     77245522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     23096335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1826846127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6510377972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      8437565956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     77245522                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     23096335                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1826846127                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6510377972                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     8437565956                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       671513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        28059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1169216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       281286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            2150074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       249958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           249958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17450                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           17450                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       109624                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           109624                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       671513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        28059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1169216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       390910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             2259698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       671513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        28059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1169216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       390910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            2259698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.026266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.043014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.260596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.059038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.459370                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.459370                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.288614                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.288614                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.026266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.043014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.268453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.070175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.026266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.043014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.268453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.070175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29664.178955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31338.310719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36324.063528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53978.706966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46353.557399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12691.455963                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12691.455963                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80711.488795                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80711.488795                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29664.178955                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31338.310719                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36324.063528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62038.459439                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53208.677005                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29664.178955                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31338.310719                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36324.063528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62038.459439                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53208.677005                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks               50521                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                    50521                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        50292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          126931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8016                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8016                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        31639                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         31639                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        50292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       104941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           158570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        50292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       104941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          158570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     63285285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     19089264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1542617988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3551375045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5176367582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    706209380                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    706209380                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2375371942                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2375371942                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     63285285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     19089264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1542617988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5926746987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7551739524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     63285285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     19089264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1542617988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5926746987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7551739524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    861329423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    861329423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2635466850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2635466850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3496796273                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3496796273                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.026159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.043013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.260596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.459370                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459370                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.288614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.026159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.043013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.268453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.070173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.026159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.043013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.268453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24312.441414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26007.171662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30673.228108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48448.542264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40780.956441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88099.972555                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88099.972555                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75077.339423                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75077.339423                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24312.441414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26007.171662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30673.228108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56476.944064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47624.011629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24312.441414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26007.171662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30673.228108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56476.944064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47624.011629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         24135                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32448.006489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          123385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         56726                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.175105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         9547.248355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.498253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.638672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.000110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   218.163064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    68.133243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   7677.461898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14928.862894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.291359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.234298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.455593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.990235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2334                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          641                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        41384                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44215                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                  88574                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks           50521                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                50521                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           63                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  63                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         8170                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                 8170                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        41384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        52385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                   96744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2334                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          641                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        41384                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        52385                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                  96744                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          269                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8908                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29087                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                38357                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        17145                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             17145                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        14277                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              14277                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        43364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 52634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          269                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8908                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        43364                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                52634                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25213456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8645491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    833659303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2627969732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3495487982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35607069                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     35607069                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1326774934                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1326774934                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25213456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8645491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    833659303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3954744666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      4822262916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25213456                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8645491                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    833659303                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3954744666                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     4822262916                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        50292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        73302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             126931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        50521                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total            50521                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17208                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           17208                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22447                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            22447                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        50292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        95749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              149378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        50292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        95749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             149378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.103342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.126703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.396810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.302188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996339                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.996339                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.636032                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.636032                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.103342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.126703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.452892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.352354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.103342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.126703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.452892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.352354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93730.319703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92962.268817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93585.462842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90348.600131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91130.379905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2076.819423                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2076.819423                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92930.933249                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92930.933249                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93730.319703                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92962.268817                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93585.462842                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91198.797759                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91618.780940                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93730.319703                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92962.268817                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93585.462842                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91198.797759                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91618.780940                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               10272                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    10272                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        17145                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        17145                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        14277                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         14277                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            52634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           52634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21446954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7338874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    708123657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2216020257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2952929742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1294679207                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1294679207                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1121156499                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1121156499                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21446954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7338874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    708123657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3337176756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4074086241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21446954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7338874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    708123657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3337176756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4074086241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    769431835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    769431835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2311373576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2311373576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3080805411                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3080805411                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.103342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.126703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.396810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996339                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996339                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.636032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.636032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.103342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.126703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.452892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.352354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.103342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.126703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.452892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79728.453532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78912.623656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79493.001459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76185.933819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76985.419663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75513.514552                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75513.514552                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78528.857533                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78528.857533                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79728.453532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78912.623656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79493.001459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76957.309197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77404.077991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79728.453532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78912.623656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79493.001459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76957.309197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77404.077991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1005819                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        39444                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        791                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         82                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     4                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     8                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                   777                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  139357                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       873                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1045263                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   134098                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     5259                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             13                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              1                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                1687                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1169218                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               512.000000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                13808958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1169730                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.805252                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   512.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13803432                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       13803432                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13803432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        13803432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13803432                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       13803432                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1220677                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1220677                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1220677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1220677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1220677                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1220677                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15817024363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15817024363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15817024363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  15817024363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  15817024363                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  15817024363                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15024109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15024109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15024109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     15024109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15024109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     15024109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.081248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.081248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12957.583671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12957.583671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12957.583671                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12957.583671                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12957.583671                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12957.583671                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       262015                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 37430.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        51455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        51455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        51455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        51455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        51455                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        51455                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1169222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1169222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1169222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1169222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1169222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1169222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  10974034836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10974034836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  10974034836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10974034836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  10974034836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10974034836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.077823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.077823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.077823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9385.758082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9385.758082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9385.758082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9385.758082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9385.758082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9385.758082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        28093                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999950                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         10920                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        28109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.388488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083920431300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10678                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        10678                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        10678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10678                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        10678                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        28297                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        28297                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        28297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        28297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        28297                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        28297                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    490254274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    490254274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    490254274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    490254274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    490254274                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    490254274                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        38975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        38975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        38975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.726030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.726030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.726030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.726030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.726030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.726030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17325.309185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17325.309185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17325.309185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17325.309185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17325.309185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17325.309185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           53                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        28297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        28297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        28297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        28297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    403229938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    403229938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    403229938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    403229938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    403229938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    403229938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.726030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.726030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.726030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.726030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.726030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.726030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14249.918295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14249.918295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14249.918295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14249.918295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14249.918295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14249.918295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       671743                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         40443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       671759                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.060205                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        40099                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        40099                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        40099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        40099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        40099                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        40099                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       671986                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       671986                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       671986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       671986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       671986                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       671986                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7872992761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7872992761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7872992761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7872992761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7872992761                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7872992761                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       712085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       712085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       712085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       712085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       712085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       712085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.943688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.943688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.943688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11716.007121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11716.007121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11716.007121                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11716.007121                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11716.007121                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11716.007121                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           37                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           37                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       671986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       671986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       671986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       671986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       671986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       671986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5817440572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5817440572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5817440572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5817440572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5817440572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5817440572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8657.085969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8657.085969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8657.085969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8657.085969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8657.085969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8657.085969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                389970                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                28220354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                390482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 72.270563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.000112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16909530                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       16909530                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11265942                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      11265942                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     28175472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        28175472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     28175472                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       28175472                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       623011                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       623011                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       128008                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       128008                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       751019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        751019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       751019                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       751019                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25924189675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25924189675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4669918076                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4669918076                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30594107751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30594107751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30594107751                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30594107751                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17532541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17532541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11393950                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     11393950                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28926491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     28926491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28926491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     28926491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011235                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011235                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41611.126730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41611.126730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36481.454878                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36481.454878                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40736.795941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40736.795941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40736.795941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40736.795941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       249868                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           249868                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       341445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       341445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       343055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       343055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       343055                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       343055                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       281566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       281566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       126398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       126398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       407964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       407964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       407964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       407964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7043590245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7043590245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4142143246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4142143246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11185733491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11185733491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11185733491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11185733491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    898326317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    898326317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2751669774                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2751669774                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3649996091                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3649996091                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011093                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011093                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25015.769820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25015.769820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32770.639140                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32770.639140                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27418.432732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27418.432732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27418.432732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27418.432732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               163675011                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        19317524                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19317524                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2142047                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     15129195                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        10991368                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     68854057                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              87452568                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           19317524                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     10991368                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             30659534                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        6963192                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            265557                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      47835681                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       221239                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        27448                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          110                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         15024115                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1184760                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes           9074                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    152578418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.159585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.596953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       122486218     80.28%     80.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         3251181      2.13%     82.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1428539      0.94%     83.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2121492      1.39%     84.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2119353      1.39%     86.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         2215336      1.45%     87.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         2432286      1.59%     89.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1884943      1.24%     90.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14639070      9.59%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    152578418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.118024                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.534306                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        67936736                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     50534542                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         28876400                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       515948                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       4714792                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     173608465                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       4714792                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        69946891                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       17757450                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     28887306                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         27383246                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      3888733                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     168757520                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        15466                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       1000958                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      1675084                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        21551                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    187213529                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    418279579                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    407902550                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10377029                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    147806435                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        39407212                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1038169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1067449                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         12404741                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     21440420                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13408421                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1217903                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       578691                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         157691623                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1200804                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        149914860                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       208087                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24715475                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35002399                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       297621                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    152578418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.982543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.635071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     96306141     63.12%     63.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18399207     12.06%     75.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12689570      8.32%     83.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9471523      6.21%     89.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6710274      4.40%     94.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4729784      3.10%     97.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2973921      1.95%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       995582      0.65%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       302416      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    152578418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         317058     37.00%     37.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     37.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     37.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         3801      0.44%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        332380     38.79%     76.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       203573     23.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      2139857      1.43%      1.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111746698     74.54%     75.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3108099      2.07%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20342641     13.57%     91.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     12577565      8.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     149914860                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.915930                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             856812                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005715                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446278465                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178510604                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    142760205                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7418683                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5108448                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3625883                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     144923506                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3708309                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2293987                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3656993                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        23657                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        16275                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2028083                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        21793                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       4714792                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       15162379                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       158041                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    158892427                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      2858757                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21440420                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13408421                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1122615                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         75356                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         9338                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        16275                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       954345                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1372820                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2327165                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    147480534                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19836807                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2434326                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            32233817                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        15181137                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12397010                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.901057                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             146614293                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            146386088                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         96338690                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        156848992                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.894370                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.614213                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     26555342                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       903183                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2143641                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    147936989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.893001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.833412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    103587938     70.02%     70.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15097356     10.21%     80.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9155104      6.19%     86.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7542667      5.10%     91.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3615463      2.44%     93.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1896048      1.28%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1410002      0.95%     96.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1389133      0.94%     97.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4243278      2.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    147936989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     66296053                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     132107824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              29163780                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             17783438                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              55402                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          13875859                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           3112457                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        129007115                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4243278                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           302054424                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          322078311                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 572839                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               11096593                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        180030276240                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           66296053                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            132107824                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     66296053                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.468850                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.468850                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.405047                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.405047                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       290795782                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      157614294                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          6336289                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         3318065                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63980940                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1017351                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           53540                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        82760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        47472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       572617648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       114878792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          687794556                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    572617648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     572617648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1019915                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     74053966                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        76888409                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             1557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        10345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         5934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         71577206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         16180731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            87777970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           16996                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         9734404                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            9779752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker         1379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker          791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            9542834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            1914487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              11462290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       9542834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          9542834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30240                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             16997                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           1234130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              1281367                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             17889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker         1379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker          791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           9542834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           3148618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             12743657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       39444                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1005819                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        82                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       791                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    4                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                  777                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 139357                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      873                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1045263                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    5259                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  134098                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             1                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            13                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                914                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180195155375                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  54312076                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   107184370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           106717924                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                16541                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6480957                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  106717924                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       16541                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         266410911                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        119293846                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              26876                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             13621                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    25958074                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  16194762                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  9763312                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             180070686372.368500                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             124469002.631486                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.000691                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.999309                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
