
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  52211                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    92223                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               28243615                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489360                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    13.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      680994                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1202884                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        75776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       195712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              276416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        75776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          75840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8686527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    205696962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    531267999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              750342213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    205696962                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         205870693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8686527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    205696962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    531267999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             750342213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           492                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2182.364652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              73                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.148374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          301.826483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.209054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.073646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.896551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.582232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    542.976595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1299.800093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.073688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.132563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.317334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.532804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2863                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          190                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          485                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          997                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4538                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1260                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1260                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2863                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          190                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          485                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1148                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4689                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1195                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2353                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3625                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1195                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3062                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4335                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5108618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1814339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    122623088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    241379695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      370925740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       908600                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       908600                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73554442                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73554442                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5108618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1814339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    122623088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    314934137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       444480182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5108618                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1814339                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    122623088                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    314934137                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      444480182                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1260                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1260                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          860                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              861                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                9024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               9024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.711310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.702388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.444077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.824419                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.824623                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.711310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.727316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.480386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.711310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.727316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.480386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102172.360000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100796.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102613.462762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102583.805780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102324.342069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30286.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30286.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103743.923836                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103597.805634                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102172.360000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100796.611111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102613.462762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102852.428805                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102532.913956                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102172.360000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100796.611111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102613.462762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102852.428805                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102532.913956                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  57                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       57                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4832218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1715639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116029230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    228349209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    350926296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1489609                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1489609                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69665642                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69665642                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4832218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1715639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116029230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    298014851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    420591938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4832218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1715639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116029230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    298014851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    420591938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.711310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.702388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.824419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.823461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.711310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.727316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.479277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.711310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.727316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96644.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95313.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97095.589958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97045.987675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97048.201327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49653.633333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49653.633333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98259.015515                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98259.015515                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96644.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95313.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97095.589958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97326.861855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97246.690867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96644.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95313.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97095.589958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97326.861855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97246.690867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1981.400901                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           12.065418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.330640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    33.185397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.399239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    554.379706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1370.040531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.041810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     16                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              57                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   57                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     16                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1184                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2349                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3609                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1184                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3058                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4319                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4663618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1642062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    111834293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    220332616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      338472589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67239188                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67239188                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4663618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1642062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    111834293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287571804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       405711777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4663618                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1642062                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    111834293                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287571804                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      405711777                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           57                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               57                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              710                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.995586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.996309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.996309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93272.360000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96591.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94454.639358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93798.474244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93785.699363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94836.654443                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94703.081690                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93272.360000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96591.882353                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94454.639358                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94039.177240                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93936.507756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93272.360000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96591.882353                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94454.639358                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94039.177240                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93936.507756                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3964793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1406082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95213927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    187296733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287881535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57206506                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57206506                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3964793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1406082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95213927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244503239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    345088041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3964793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1406082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95213927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244503239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    345088041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.994002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79295.860000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82710.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80417.168074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79734.667092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79967.093056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80686.186178                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80686.186178                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79295.860000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82710.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80417.168074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79955.277632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80085.412161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79295.860000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82710.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80417.168074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79955.277632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80085.412161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1170                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               351.207750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1170                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.790598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.406435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   350.801315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.685159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.685953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32112                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          32130                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           32130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32112                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          32130                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2018                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2019                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          2019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2018                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         2019                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    164379287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    164379287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    164379287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    164379287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    164379287                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    164379287                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        34149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        34149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.059127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.059123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.059127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.059127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81456.534688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81416.189698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81456.534688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81416.189698                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81456.534688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81416.189698                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          338                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          338                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130356903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130356903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130356903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130356903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130356903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130356903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77593.394643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77593.394643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77593.394643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77593.394643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77593.394643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77593.394643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          199                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.618286                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          199                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.371859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019268465000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.483561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.134725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.092723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.570920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.663643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1377                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1377                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1377                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1377                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          240                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          240                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4461141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4461141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4461141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4461141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4461141                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4461141                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.146311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.148423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.146311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.148423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.146311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.148423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18903.139831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18588.087500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18903.139831                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18588.087500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18903.139831                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18588.087500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3709811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3709811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3709811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3709811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3709811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3709811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.146311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.146311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.146311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15719.538136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15719.538136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15719.538136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15719.538136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15719.538136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15719.538136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2932                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.147781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.655184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019126087300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.672770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.475011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.042048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.842188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.884236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2135                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2138                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2135                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2138                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2979                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2984                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2979                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2984                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35421071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35421071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35421071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     35421071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35421071                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     35421071                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.582519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.582585                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.582519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.582585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.582519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.582585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11890.255455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11870.332105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11890.255455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11870.332105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11890.255455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11870.332105                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           14                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           14                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26177478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26177478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26177478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     26177478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26177478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     26177478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.582519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.581609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.582519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.581609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.582519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.581609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8787.337362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8787.337362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8787.337362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8787.337362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8787.337362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8787.337362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3700                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               454.723890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   55057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3700                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.880270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.518723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   454.205167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.887119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.888133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44448                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          44451                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21871                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21871                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        66319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           66322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        66319                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          66322                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8095                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8097                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          925                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         9019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          9022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         9019                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         9022                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    706276741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    706276741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81370974                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81370974                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    787647715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    787647715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    787647715                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    787647715                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.154064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.154088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.119744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.119744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87248.516492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87226.965666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88063.824675                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87968.620541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87332.045127                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87303.005431                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87332.045127                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87303.005431                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1246                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1246                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          921                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          921                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255760690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    255760690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77802387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77802387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    333563077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    333563077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    333563077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    333563077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040404                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040402                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76323.691435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76323.691435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84475.990228                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84475.990228                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78081.244616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78081.244616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78081.244616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78081.244616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106118                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           57332                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        57332                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6469                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        37058                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           23847                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       156549                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                268809                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              57332                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        23847                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                84209                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          32121                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              6285                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        485559                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2014                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            34130                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2891                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             78                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       759666                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.647845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.045647                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          677530     89.19%     89.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            8946      1.18%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5155      0.68%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3640      0.48%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5780      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5388      0.71%     92.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5170      0.68%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3566      0.47%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           44491      5.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       759666                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051832                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.243020                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          162349                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       492942                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            74610                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4713                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         25050                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        473550                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            3                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         25050                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          172010                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         395607                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        65315                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69668                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        32014                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        451454                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8557                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        19102                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          421                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       539418                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1176928                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1176928                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       330398                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          208873                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2128                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2118                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            76137                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        66535                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30572                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1941                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          959                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            425749                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           371804                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2272                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       145430                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       234539                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          671                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       759666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.489431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.216756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       609416     80.22%     80.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        56971      7.50%     87.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34062      4.48%     92.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22750      2.99%     95.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16310      2.15%     97.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10812      1.42%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6679      0.88%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2243      0.30%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          423      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       759666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            802     34.13%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           825     35.11%     69.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          723     30.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3110      0.84%      0.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       281126     75.61%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        59492     16.00%     92.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        28076      7.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        371804                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.336134                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2350                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006321                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1509369                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       573450                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       358439                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        371044                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4502                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22357                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          132                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7777                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         25050                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         356364                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4078                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       427897                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4228                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        66535                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30572                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2130                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2135                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          132                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1966                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5783                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7749                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       363866                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57260                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7938                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               84719                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37316                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27459                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328958                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                359504                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               358439                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           248249                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           396977                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.324051                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.625349                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152795                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6744                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       734778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.374204                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.307591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       644648     87.73%     87.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35086      4.78%     92.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13501      1.84%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        14622      1.99%     96.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7082      0.96%     97.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3411      0.46%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2800      0.38%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2204      0.30%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11424      1.55%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       734778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       154544                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        274957                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 66958                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44163                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30309                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           274579                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11424                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1150164                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             880831                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2116                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 346452                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             154544                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               274957                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       154544                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.157301                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.157301                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.139717                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.139717                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          725151                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         415827                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         168938                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.091705                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1091704543326                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6111471812931                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24557                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    45863                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31347611                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4662900                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 34825.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   855228574                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1597209642                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        24960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3534272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       143680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       978624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     11102976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15829440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       978624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         978624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11789952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11789952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       173484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               247335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         184218                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              184218                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        22863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3237389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       131611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       896418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     10170312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               14499747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       896418                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            896418                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         10799581                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              10799581                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         10799581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        22863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3237389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       131611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       896418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     10170312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              25299329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   105184                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.477453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      55067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   105198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.523461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020566655000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.115855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.361598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.960100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.967341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18699                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18699                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8135                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8135                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26834                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26834                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103802                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103829                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99377                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101105                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           204934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203179                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          204934                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1082000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4592624671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4593706671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126484784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6699152000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6825636784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127566784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11291776671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11419343455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127566784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11291776671                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11419343455                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109240                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924334                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.925531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40074.074074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44244.086540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44243.002157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 73197.212963                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67411.493605                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67510.378161                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72687.626211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55575.510614                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55722.054198                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72687.626211                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55575.510614                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55722.054198                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       549000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  51                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10764.705882                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56789                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56789                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       744700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3310797545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3311542245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    105687492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5471946301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5577633793                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106432192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8782743846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8889176038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106432192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8782743846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8889176038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924334                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925531                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27581.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31895.315553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31894.193771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 61161.743056                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55062.502400                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55166.745393                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60645.123647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43226.631916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43375.799223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60645.123647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43226.631916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43375.799223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      27796407                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4048.521288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        57838897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      27800459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.080502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          521.162543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    63.989244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    42.523908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2721.138678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    699.705089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.127237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.664340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.170826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.988409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17545551                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4595798                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21175543                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8072397                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               51389289                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         8512581                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              8512581                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       962731                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              962731                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1513846                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1513846                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17545551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4595798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21175543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      9586243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                52903135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17545551                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4595798                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21175543                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      9586243                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               52903135                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327824                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168859                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19185475                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6058598                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             25740756                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        53458                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             53458                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1844680                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1844680                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19185475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7903278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              27585436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327824                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168859                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19185475                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7903278                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             27585436                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7424414713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3661302082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 424388615521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 152292916721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   587767249037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2229451418                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2229451418                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54916270812                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  54916270812                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7424414713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3661302082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 424388615521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 207209187533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    642683519849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7424414713                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3661302082                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 424388615521                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 207209187533                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   642683519849                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17873375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4764657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40361018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14130995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           77130045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8512581                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          8512581                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1016189                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1016189                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3358526                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3358526                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17873375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4764657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40361018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17489521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            80488571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17873375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4764657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40361018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17489521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           80488571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.333732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052606                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.052606                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.549253                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.549253                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.342725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.342725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22647.563061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21682.599577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22120.307968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25136.659788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22834.109808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41704.729283                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41704.729283                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29770.079804                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29770.079804                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22647.563061                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21682.599577                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22120.307968                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26218.132215                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23297.928655                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22647.563061                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21682.599577                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22120.307968                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26218.132215                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23297.928655                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3801801                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3801801                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              2526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               2526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1658                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              2526                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       326166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19185475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6058596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25738230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        53458                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        53458                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1844680                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1844680                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       326166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19185475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7903276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         27582910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       326166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19185475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7903276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        27582910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5649600733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2729967669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 315665058017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 118978449556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 443023075975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2831739928                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2831739928                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44547005738                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44547005738                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5649600733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2729967669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 315665058017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 163525455294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 487570081713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5649600733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2729967669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 315665058017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 163525455294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 487570081713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10238118168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10238118168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15340386429                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15340386429                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  25578504597                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25578504597                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052606                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052606                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.549253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.549253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.342693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.035258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17321.243578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16250.484657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16453.335558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19637.957302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17212.647333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52971.303229                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52971.303229                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24148.906985                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24148.906985                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17321.243578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16250.484657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16453.335558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20690.844568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17676.528028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17321.243578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16250.484657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16453.335558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20690.844568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17676.528028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        191689                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32343.786357                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        29217214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        224178                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        130.330425                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18074.477337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.053495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   450.128038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   148.822471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5539.505651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   8130.780804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.551589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.169052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.248132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       323921                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167291                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19170176                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5905695                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               25567083                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3801801                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3801801                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4691                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                4691                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1661641                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1661641                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       323921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19170176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7567336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                27228724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       323921                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167291                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19170176                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7567336                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               27228724                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2245                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          702                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15299                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       152901                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               171147                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74131                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             74131                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       157675                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             157675                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       310576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                328822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2245                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          702                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15299                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       310576                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               328822                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    208293171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     65261939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1431119190                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9120662513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10825336813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1855785696                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1855785696                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14164362122                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  14164362122                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    208293171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     65261939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1431119190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23285024635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     24989698935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    208293171                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     65261939                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1431119190                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23285024635                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    24989698935                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       326166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19185475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6058596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           25738230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3801801                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3801801                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        78822                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           78822                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1819316                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1819316                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       326166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19185475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7877912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            27557546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       326166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19185475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7877912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           27557546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.940486                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.940486                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.086667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.011932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.011932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92780.922494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92965.725071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93543.315903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59650.770845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63251.688975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25033.868368                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25033.868368                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89832.643869                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89832.643869                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92780.922494                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92965.725071                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93543.315903                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74973.676765                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75997.648986                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92780.922494                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92965.725071                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93543.315903                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74973.676765                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75997.648986                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              127429                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   127429                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       152901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          171147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74131                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        74131                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       157675                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        157675                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       310576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           328822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       310576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          328822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    176825757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55387901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1215338969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6966611928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8414164555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3804688492                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3804688492                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11910318556                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11910318556                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    176825757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55387901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1215338969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18876930484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20324483111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    176825757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55387901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1215338969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18876930484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20324483111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9123235393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9123235393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13662739259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13662739259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  22785974652                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  22785974652                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.940486                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.940486                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.011932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78764.257016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78900.143875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79439.111641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45562.893166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49163.377418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51323.852262                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51323.852262                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75537.140041                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75537.140041                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78764.257016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78900.143875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79439.111641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60780.390256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61809.985679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78764.257016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78900.143875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79439.111641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60780.390256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61809.985679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                33967549                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         45804                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20812576                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 13154973                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22902                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22902                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               21471                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              40361037                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               137526084                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              40361549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.407354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137504726                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      137504726                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137504726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       137504726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    137504726                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      137504726                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44409993                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     44409993                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44409993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      44409993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44409993                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     44409993                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 961286979858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 961286979858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 961286979858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 961286979858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 961286979858                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 961286979858                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    181914719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    181914719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    181914719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    181914719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    181914719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    181914719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.244125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.244125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.244125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21645.735901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21645.735901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21645.735901                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21645.735901                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21645.735901                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21645.735901                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       364249                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 45531.125000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4048942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4048942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4048942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4048942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4048942                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4048942                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40361051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     40361051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40361051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     40361051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40361051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     40361051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 748893984291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 748893984291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 748893984291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 748893984291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 748893984291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 748893984291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18554.868264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18554.868264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18554.868264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18554.868264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18554.868264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18554.868264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4766654                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4419903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4766670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.927252                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4419423                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4419423                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4419423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4419423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4419423                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4419423                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4767376                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4767376                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4767376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4767376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4767376                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4767376                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79784790785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79784790785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79784790785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  79784790785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79784790785                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  79784790785                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9186799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9186799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9186799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9186799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9186799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9186799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.518938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.518938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.518938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16735.577556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16735.577556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16735.577556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16735.577556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16735.577556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16735.577556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        42269                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        42269                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4767376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4767376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4767376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4767376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4767376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4767376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65187865996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  65187865996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65187865996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  65187865996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65187865996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  65187865996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.518938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13673.741277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13673.741277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13673.741277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13673.741277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13673.741277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13673.741277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17877216                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.984989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5151119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17877232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.288139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.984989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5150750                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5150750                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5150750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5150750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5150750                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5150750                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17888131                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17888131                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17888131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17888131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17888131                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17888131                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 284366497380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 284366497380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 284366497380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 284366497380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 284366497380                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 284366497380                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23038881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23038881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23038881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     23038881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23038881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     23038881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.776432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.776432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.776432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15896.937326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15896.937326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15896.937326                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15896.937326                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15896.937326                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15896.937326                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        20882                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        20882                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17888131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17888131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17888131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17888131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17888131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17888131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 229758593922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 229758593922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 229758593922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 229758593922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 229758593922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 229758593922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.776432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.776432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.776432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12844.192270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12844.192270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12844.192270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12844.192270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12844.192270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12844.192270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              17449740                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.822269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               279900004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              17450252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 16.039883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.822269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    180344963                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      180344963                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98408271                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98408271                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    278753234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       278753234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    278753234                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      278753234                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     21789649                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     21789649                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4403022                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4403022                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     26192671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      26192671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     26192671                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     26192671                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 572284387134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 572284387134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 113480459029                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 113480459029                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 685764846163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 685764846163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 685764846163                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 685764846163                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    202134612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    202134612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102811293                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102811293                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304945905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304945905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304945905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304945905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.107798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042826                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042826                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26264.047995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26264.047995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25773.311837                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25773.311837                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26181.554610                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26181.554610                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26181.554610                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26181.554610                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8449430                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          8449430                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7648934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7648934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        55681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        55681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7704615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7704615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7704615                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7704615                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14140715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14140715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4347341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4347341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18488056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18488056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18488056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18488056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 316559929468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 316559929468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  97144790956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  97144790956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 413704720424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 413704720424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 413704720424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 413704720424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10688957160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10688957160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15940765989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15940765989                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26629723149                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26629723149                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042285                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042285                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22386.416067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22386.416067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22345.795040                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22345.795040                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22376.864308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22376.864308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22376.864308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22376.864308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3239385820                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       233781673                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    233781673                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     42852721                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    199265082                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       104983431                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1433660759                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1070651880                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          233781673                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    104983431                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            333693058                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      157809120                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          86310208                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     412974129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       747721                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2039683                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        181914727                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     29648171                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1225887                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2382823697                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.840289                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.287306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2057838116     86.36%     86.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        20169147      0.85%     87.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14836628      0.62%     87.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26829574      1.13%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        23116175      0.97%     89.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        28022952      1.18%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19904296      0.84%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16929901      0.71%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       175176908      7.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2382823697                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.072169                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.330511                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1499458098                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    455493154                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        307992217                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6482145                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     113398083                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1938907480                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1290                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     113398083                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1521289339                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      152604093                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    255559188                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        291479390                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     48493604                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1857048738                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       728071                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7815093                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     32267356                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       197080                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2016834085                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4618569855                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4618480859                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        88996                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1202949005                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       813885215                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6241153                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6282243                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        149055703                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    262377366                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    161603378                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     17124094                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15674606                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1720429508                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      9036281                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1550126283                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      8305387                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    588946242                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    785113339                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3371092                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2382823697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.650542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.422833                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1803252307     75.68%     75.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    198551014      8.33%     84.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    125448358      5.26%     89.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     85998513      3.61%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     70315856      2.95%     95.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49456845      2.08%     97.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36673956      1.54%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     10923155      0.46%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2203693      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2382823697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4510903     41.94%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4111673     38.22%     80.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2133980     19.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18475381      1.19%      1.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1150349538     74.21%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    238301681     15.37%     90.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    142999683      9.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1550126283                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.478525                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10756556                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006939                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5508896769                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2318842066                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1473016168                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        40983                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        24080                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20315                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1542386952                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20506                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     24506349                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     98118406                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       510208                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       478351                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     58764265                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       205916                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     113398083                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       85915126                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      2095653                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1729465789                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29752027                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    262377366                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    161603378                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7951908                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       1044504                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        79904                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       478351                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14200194                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33753046                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     47953240                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1502988790                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    226902400                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     47137493                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           364177613                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       158393421                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         137275213                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.463973                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1475974365                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1473036483                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        926616332                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1428456224                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.454727                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648684                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    646363198                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5665189                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43091525                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2270329289                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.477046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.435798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1915505876     84.37%     84.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    127111183      5.60%     89.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57278188      2.52%     92.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     62670132      2.76%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33179208      1.46%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14842707      0.65%     97.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     11845755      0.52%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7800604      0.34%     98.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     40095636      1.77%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2270329289                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    586034050                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1083052168                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             267098086                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164258974                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             577947                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125377351                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1078484015                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     40095636                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3958356705                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3572708017                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               24769908                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              856562123                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            34759696                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          586034050                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1083052168                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    586034050                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.527641                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.527641                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.180909                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.180909                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2874497191                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1584095545                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20315                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      708327461                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5310303                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       943968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        83992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2836552104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       511117637                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3351460237                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2836552104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2836552104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    356518027                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       364082463                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        354569013                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         80966766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           435772696                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122510                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51429359                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51610685                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2523789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       864674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        76937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2598278189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          468183118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3069933397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2598278189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2598278189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3448024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3480989                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         326570068                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            333499082                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3454715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           6004779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       864674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        76937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2598278189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         794753186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3403432479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               33967549                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        45804                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                13154973                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20812576                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22902                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22902                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21358                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3278383632                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 267791619                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   511668056                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           509963465                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36527981                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  509963465                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1315107142                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        564358897                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   132610873                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81049358                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51561515                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2679916685.340718                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             598466946.659282                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.182549                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.817451                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
