
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  64890                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   114625                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               34997808                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489348                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      683026                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1206543                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        75264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       197696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              277824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        75264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          75328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8512797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    204307118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    536653645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              754164284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    204307118                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         204480848                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8512797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    204307118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    536653645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             754164284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           518                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2187.217963                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              41                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.079151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          290.256418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.207646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.071647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    28.612546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.609249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    547.454422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1313.006040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.070863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.133656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.320558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.533989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2661                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          180                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          498                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          724                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4066                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1116                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1116                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2661                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          180                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          498                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          785                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4127                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1188                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2387                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3651                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                707                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1188                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3093                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4358                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5014411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1816157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121875373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244879855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      373585796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       506360                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       506360                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73280876                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73280876                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5014411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1816157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121875373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    318160731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       446866672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5014411                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1816157                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121875373                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    318160731                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      446866672                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1116                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1116                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          767                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              768                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.704626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.767277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.473111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.920469                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.920573                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.704626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.797576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.513612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.704626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.797576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.513612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102334.918367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100897.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102588.697811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102588.963134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102324.238839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16878.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16878.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103797.274788                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103650.461103                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102334.918367                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100897.611111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102588.697811                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102864.769156                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102539.392382                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102334.918367                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100897.611111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102588.697811                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102864.769156                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102539.392382                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  48                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       48                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4743611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1718057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115319312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    231654530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    353435510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1489488                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1489488                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69410376                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69410376                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4743611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1718057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115319312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    301064906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    422845886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4743611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1718057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115319312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    301064906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    422845886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.704626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.767277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.471945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.920469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.919271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.704626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.797576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.512434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.704626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.797576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.512434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96808.387755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95447.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97070.127946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97048.399665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97044.346513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49649.600000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49649.600000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98314.980170                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98314.980170                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96808.387755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95447.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97070.127946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97337.505981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97250.663753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96808.387755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95447.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97070.127946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97337.505981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97250.663753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1996.967002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           10.778017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.328179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    32.018585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.509106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    560.568743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1381.764401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.017107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.042168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              48                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   48                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1176                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2383                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3634                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                707                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1176                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3089                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4341                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4578311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1644557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    111128906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    223533382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      340885156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66994693                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     66994693                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4578311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1644557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    111128906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    290528075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       407879849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4578311                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1644557                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    111128906                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    290528075                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      407879849                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           48                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               48                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              707                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.995344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.996099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.996099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93434.918367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96738.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94497.369048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93803.349559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93804.390754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94893.332861                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94759.113154                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93434.918367                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96738.647059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94497.369048                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94052.468436                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93959.882285                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93434.918367                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96738.647059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94497.369048                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94052.468436                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93959.882285                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3893457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1408987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94608330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    190011509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    289922283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57009087                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57009087                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3893457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1408987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94608330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    247020596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    346931370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3893457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1408987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94608330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    247020596                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    346931370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989899                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.993804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989899                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79458.306122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82881.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80449.260204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79736.260596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79978.560828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80749.415014                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80749.415014                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79458.306122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82881.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80449.260204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79967.820006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80104.218425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79458.306122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82881.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80449.260204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79967.820006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80104.218425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1176                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               352.861421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.911565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.402759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   352.458662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.688396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.689182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32285                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          32303                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           32303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32285                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          32303                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2013                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2014                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          2014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2013                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         2014                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    162699999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162699999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    162699999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    162699999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    162699999                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    162699999                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        34317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        34317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.058688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.058688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80824.639344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80784.507944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80824.639344                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80784.507944                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80824.639344                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80784.507944                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129054530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129054530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129054530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129054530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129054530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129054530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76544.798339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76544.798339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76544.798339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76544.798339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76544.798339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76544.798339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          188                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.681820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          188                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.622340                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019264883000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.508421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.173398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.094276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.573337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.667614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1341                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1341                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1341                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1341                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          225                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          229                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          225                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          229                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4287084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4287084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4287084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4287084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4287084                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4287084                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.143678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.145860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.143678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.145860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.143678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.145860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19053.706667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18720.890830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19053.706667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18720.890830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19053.706667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18720.890830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3565618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3565618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3565618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3565618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3565618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3565618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.143678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.143312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.143678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.143312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.143678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.143312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15847.191111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15847.191111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15847.191111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15847.191111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15847.191111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15847.191111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2730                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.406506                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2730                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.719780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019124825300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.662873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.743633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.858977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.900407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2170                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2173                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2170                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2173                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2775                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2780                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2775                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2780                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33220870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33220870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33220870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     33220870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33220870                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     33220870                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         4953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         4953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.561173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.561276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.561173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.561276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.561173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.561276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11971.484685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11949.953237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11971.484685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11949.953237                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11971.484685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11949.953237                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           25                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           25                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24596742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24596742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24596742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24596742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24596742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24596742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.561173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.561173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.561173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8863.690811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8863.690811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8863.690811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8863.690811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8863.690811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8863.690811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3368                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               478.269621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   44140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3368                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 13.105701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019082260300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.308600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   477.961021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.933518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.934120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        45689                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          45692                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21964                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21964                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        67653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           67656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        67653                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          67656                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7746                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7748                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          831                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          8580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8577                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         8580                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    715825998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    715825998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79894466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79894466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    795720464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    795720464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    795720464                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    795720464                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        53435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        76230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        76236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        76230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        76236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.144961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.144985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036455                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036498                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.112515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.112545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.112515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.112545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92412.341596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92388.487093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96142.558363                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96027.002404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92773.751195                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92741.312821                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92773.751195                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92741.312821                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1091                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1091                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4637                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4637                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    256562538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    256562538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76671565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76671565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    333234103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    333234103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    333234103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    333234103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036324                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036322                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82442.974936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82442.974936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92598.508454                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92598.508454                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84577.183503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84577.183503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84577.183503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84577.183503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106088                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           57384                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        57384                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6366                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        38278                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24292                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       153059                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                270898                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              57384                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24292                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                84891                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31625                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              5766                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        483954                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2020                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            34298                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2910                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             70                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       754357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.056781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          671575     89.03%     89.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            9097      1.21%     90.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5235      0.69%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3709      0.49%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5768      0.76%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5475      0.73%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5315      0.70%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3437      0.46%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           44746      5.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       754357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051880                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.244915                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          158130                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       491580                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            75365                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4613                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24667                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        476619                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24667                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          167690                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         397016                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        62851                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            70379                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31752                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        454810                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          411                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8537                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        18897                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          472                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       545426                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1183924                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1183924                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       335449                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          209828                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2136                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2122                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            75295                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        67403                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30207                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1873                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          912                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            428669                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2142                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           374288                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2475                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       145192                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       234209                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          665                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       754357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.496168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.225920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       603767     80.04%     80.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        56459      7.48%     87.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34455      4.57%     92.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22883      3.03%     95.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16372      2.17%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10930      1.45%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6752      0.90%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2292      0.30%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          447      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       754357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            791     33.80%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           830     35.47%     69.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          719     30.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3063      0.82%      0.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       283308     75.69%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        60226     16.09%     92.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27691      7.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        374288                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.338389                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2340                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006252                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1509163                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       576124                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       361093                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        373565                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4390                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22733                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          132                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7412                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          121                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24667                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         357774                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4017                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       430811                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4467                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        67403                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30207                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2068                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           50                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          132                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1925                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5638                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7563                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       366547                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        58030                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               85103                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37511                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27073                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.331390                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                362198                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               361093                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           251016                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           400140                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.326460                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.627320                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152012                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6635                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       729852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.381743                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.313036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       637744     87.38%     87.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35972      4.93%     92.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13865      1.90%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        15196      2.08%     96.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7151      0.98%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3520      0.48%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2926      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2258      0.31%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11220      1.54%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       729852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       156576                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        278616                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 67450                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44655                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30779                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           278238                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11220                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1148318                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             886205                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2112                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 351731                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             156576                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               278616                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       156576                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.064224                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.064224                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.141558                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.141558                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          730889                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         420516                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         169589                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.076278                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1076278253058                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6096045522663                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24706                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    46139                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31114777                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4661936                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 34590.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   854583842                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1595987911                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3532800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       143936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        47168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       953728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     11245312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15948096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       953728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         953728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11975488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11975488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        14902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       175708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               249189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         187117                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              187117                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        23369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3282423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       133735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       886135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     10448332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               14817819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       886135                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            886135                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         11126758                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              11126758                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         11126758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        23369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3282423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       133735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       886135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     10448332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              25944577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   105559                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.474644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      55120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   105573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.522103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020555400000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.117646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.356998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.967165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18665                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18665                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8099                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8099                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26764                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26764                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103884                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103911                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99455                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101183                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           205094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203339                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          205094                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4606512783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4607595783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125664784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6706716000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6832380784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126747784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11313228783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11439976567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126747784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11313228783                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11439976567                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107554                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109282                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924698                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.925889                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40111.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44342.851479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44341.751913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72722.675926                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67434.679001                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67524.987241                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72220.959544                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55637.279533                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55779.186944                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72220.959544                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55637.279533                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55779.186944                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       402600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  44                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         9150                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56797                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56797                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       745400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3322646575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3323391975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104867800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5477963802                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5582831602                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    105613200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8800610377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8906223577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    105613200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8800610377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8906223577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924698                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925889                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27607.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31984.199444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31983.062188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60687.384259                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55079.823056                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55175.588804                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60178.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43280.484201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43425.081070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60178.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43280.484201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43425.081070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      27672237                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4043.701619                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        54712257                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      27676279                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.976865                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  5024274644600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          505.087421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.003356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    63.818771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    43.150780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2739.914241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    691.727050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.123312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.668924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.168879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.987232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17525617                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4486923                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21125192                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6236611                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               49374343                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7321723                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              7321723                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1009549                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1009549                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1252582                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1252582                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17525617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4486923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21125192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7489193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                50626925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17525617                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4486923                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21125192                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7489193                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               50626925                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       326946                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168769                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19031598                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6169529                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             25696842                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        52465                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             52465                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1872553                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1872553                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       326946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19031598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8042082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              27569395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       326946                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       168769                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19031598                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8042082                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             27569395                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7395496558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3682236432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 421092564839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 155040425579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   587210723408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2220496284                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2220496284                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  55788381012                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  55788381012                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7395496558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3682236432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 421092564839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 210828806591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    642999104420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7395496558                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3682236432                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 421092564839                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 210828806591                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   642999104420                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17852563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4655692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40156790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12406140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           75071185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7321723                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          7321723                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1062014                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1062014                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3125135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3125135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17852563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4655692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40156790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15531275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            78196320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17852563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4655692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40156790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15531275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           78196320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.473932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.497296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.342300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049401                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.049401                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.599191                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.599191                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.473932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.517799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.352566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.473932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.517799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.352566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22619.932827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21818.203770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22125.969918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25130.026227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22851.474255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42323.382903                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42323.382903                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29792.684646                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29792.684646                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22619.932827                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21818.203770                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22125.969918                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26215.699690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23322.931258                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22619.932827                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21818.203770                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22125.969918                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26215.699690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23322.931258                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3826296                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3826296                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              2404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               2404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              2404                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       325626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19031598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6169527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25694438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        52465                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        52465                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1872553                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1872553                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       325626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19031598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8042080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         27566991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       325626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19031598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8042080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        27566991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5626220844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2750223724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313199224677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 121104878664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 442680547909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2885204668                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2885204668                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  45263004423                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45263004423                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5626220844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2750223724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313199224677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 166367883087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 487943552332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5626220844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2750223724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313199224677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 166367883087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 487943552332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10097929835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10097929835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15170399714                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15170399714                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  25268329549                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25268329549                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.473932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.497296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049401                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049401                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.599191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.599191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.473932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.517799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.352536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.473932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.517799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17278.168340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16400.935815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16456.801193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19629.524057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17228.652672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54992.941351                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54992.941351                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24171.814855                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24171.814855                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17278.168340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16400.935815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16456.801193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20687.170867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17700.283369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17278.168340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16400.935815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16456.801193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20687.170867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17700.283369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        194162                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32348.322480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        29189176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        226623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        128.800590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18334.568088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.056546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   429.098648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   143.645778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5497.949390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   7942.985223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.559527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.167784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.242401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       323377                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       166950                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19016688                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6016688                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               25523703                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3826296                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3826296                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1841                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1841                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1687867                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1687867                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       323377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       166950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19016688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7704555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                27211570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       323377                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       166950                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19016688                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7704555                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               27211570                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2249                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          737                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14910                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       152839                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               170735                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74371                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             74371                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       160939                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             160939                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       313778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                331674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2249                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          737                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14910                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       313778                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               331674                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    208685982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     68489105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1394986645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9095070037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10767231769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1928144182                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1928144182                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14488174585                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  14488174585                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    208685982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     68489105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1394986645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23583244622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     25255406354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    208685982                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     68489105                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1394986645                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23583244622                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    25255406354                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       325626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19031598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6169527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           25694438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3826296                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3826296                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        76212                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           76212                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1848806                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1848806                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       325626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19031598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8018333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            27543244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       325626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       167687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19031598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8018333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           27543244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.975844                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.975844                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087050                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.087050                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.012042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.012042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92790.565585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92929.586160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93560.472502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59507.521228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63063.998413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25926.021998                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25926.021998                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90022.770025                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90022.770025                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92790.565585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92929.586160                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93560.472502                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75159.012493                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76145.270217                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92790.565585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92929.586160                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93560.472502                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75159.012493                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76145.270217                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              130320                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   130320                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       152839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          170735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74371                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        74371                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       160939                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        160939                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       313778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           331674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       313778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          331674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    177155595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     58117555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1184715466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6939526903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8359515519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3803516298                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3803516298                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12186656890                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12186656890                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    177155595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     58117555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1184715466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19126183793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20546172409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    177155595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     58117555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1184715466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19126183793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20546172409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8998391442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8998391442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13512089124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13512089124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  22510480566                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  22510480566                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.975844                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975844                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.012042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78770.829257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78856.926730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79457.777733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45404.163224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48961.932345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51142.465450                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51142.465450                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75722.210838                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75722.210838                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78770.829257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78856.926730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79457.777733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60954.508579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61946.888840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78770.829257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78856.926730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79457.777733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60954.508579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61946.888840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                34454406                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         46460                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 21110883                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 13343523                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          23230                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          23230                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               21175                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              40156794                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               136923704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              40157306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.409684                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    136901298                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      136901298                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    136901298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       136901298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    136901298                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      136901298                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44136626                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     44136626                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44136626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      44136626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44136626                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     44136626                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 943974625519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 943974625519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 943974625519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 943974625519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 943974625519                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 943974625519                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    181037924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    181037924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    181037924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    181037924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    181037924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    181037924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.243798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.243798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.243798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21387.557479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21387.557479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21387.557479                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21387.557479                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21387.557479                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21387.557479                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       329472                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        41184                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3979824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3979824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3979824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3979824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3979824                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3979824                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40156802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     40156802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40156802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     40156802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40156802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     40156802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 733684200655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 733684200655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 733684200655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 733684200655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 733684200655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 733684200655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18270.483806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18270.483806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18270.483806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18270.483806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18270.483806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18270.483806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4658367                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995539                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4335848                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4658383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.930762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4335396                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4335396                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4335396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4335396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4335396                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4335396                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4659079                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4659079                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4659079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4659079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4659079                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4659079                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  76959143296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  76959143296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  76959143296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  76959143296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  76959143296                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  76959143296                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8994475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8994475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8994475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      8994475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8994475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      8994475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.517993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.517993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.517993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.517993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.517993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.517993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16518.102246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16518.102246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16518.102246                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16518.102246                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16518.102246                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16518.102246                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        36529                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        36529                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4659079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4659079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4659079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4659079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4659079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4659079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  62690229033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  62690229033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  62690229033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  62690229033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  62690229033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  62690229033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.517993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.517993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.517993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.517993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.517993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.517993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13455.498186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13455.498186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13455.498186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13455.498186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13455.498186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13455.498186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17856586                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.984069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5203825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17856602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.291423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.984069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5203635                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5203635                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5203635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5203635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5203635                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5203635                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17867503                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17867503                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17867503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17867503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17867503                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17867503                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 279150790558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 279150790558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 279150790558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 279150790558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 279150790558                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 279150790558                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23071138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23071138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23071138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     23071138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23071138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     23071138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.774453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.774453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.774453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15623.380086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15623.380086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15623.380086                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15623.380086                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15623.380086                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15623.380086                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        22570                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        22570                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17867503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17867503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17867503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17867503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17867503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17867503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 224575914193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 224575914193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 224575914193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 224575914193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 224575914193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 224575914193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.774453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.774453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.774453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12568.959087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12568.959087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12568.959087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12568.959087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12568.959087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12568.959087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              15490595                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.719638                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               282274058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              15491107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 18.221684                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.719638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    182540584                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      182540584                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98512103                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98512103                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    281052687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       281052687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    281052687                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      281052687                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     19328063                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     19328063                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4212603                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4212603                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     23540666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      23540666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     23540666                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     23540666                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 529195848581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 529195848581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 111118880004                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 111118880004                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 640314728585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 640314728585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 640314728585                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 640314728585                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    201868647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    201868647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102724706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102724706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304593353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304593353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304593353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304593353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.095746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041009                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041009                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.077286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.077286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27379.662855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27379.662855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26377.724178                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26377.724178                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27200.365894                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27200.365894                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27200.365894                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27200.365894                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7262625                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          7262625                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6915594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6915594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        48386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        48386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6963980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      6963980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6963980                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      6963980                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12412469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12412469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4164217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4164217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16576686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16576686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16576686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16576686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 293265946770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 293265946770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  95577341544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  95577341544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 388843288314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 388843288314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 388843288314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 388843288314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10544364060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10544364060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15763286225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15763286225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26307650285                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26307650285                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040538                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040538                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23626.721386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23626.721386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22952.055943                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22952.055943                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23457.239180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23457.239180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23457.239180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23457.239180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3192668943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       232961602                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    232961602                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     42668356                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    198382176                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       104239987                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1414563338                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1066948148                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          232961602                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    104239987                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            332129421                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      156215725                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          83878849                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     402745568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       711043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1989974                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        181037932                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     29594121                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1185712                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2348060771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.849726                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.298733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2024536197     86.22%     86.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        19817614      0.84%     87.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14811674      0.63%     87.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26686328      1.14%     88.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22835853      0.97%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        28010850      1.19%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19841283      0.85%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16904712      0.72%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       174616260      7.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2348060771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.072968                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.334187                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1478064671                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    444975741                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        306558755                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6419082                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     112042522                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1931977076                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1123                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     112042522                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1499886627                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      150332024                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    247580593                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        290000244                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     48218761                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1849765176                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       704498                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7585191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     32283363                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       195904                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2008992228                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4601662240                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4601569092                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        93148                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1201927881                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       807064341                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6180186                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6217347                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        148406395                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    260896000                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    160827339                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16312137                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     14845379                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1712208139                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      8945599                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1544739932                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7925079                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    581221988                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    774942430                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3294892                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2348060771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.657879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.432102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1772782704     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    196026305      8.35%     83.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    124111437      5.29%     89.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     85488701      3.64%     92.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     69936217      2.98%     95.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49498187      2.11%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36979047      1.57%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     10990819      0.47%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2247354      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2348060771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4559781     41.73%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4193508     38.38%     80.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2174068     19.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18548219      1.20%      1.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1146101971     74.19%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    237492349     15.37%     90.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    142597393      9.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1544739932                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.483840                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10927357                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.007074                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5463152593                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2302760012                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1467782257                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        40408                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        25618                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20133                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1537098868                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20202                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     23979707                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     96765768                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       505981                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       432120                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     58075914                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       199224                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     112042522                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       84772517                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1974582                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1721153738                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30143679                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    260896000                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    160827339                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7855322                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        946899                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        74933                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       432120                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14132591                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33663447                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     47796038                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1497453636                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    226101224                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     47286301                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           362933669                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       157930817                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         136832445                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.469029                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1470765129                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1467802390                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        922547235                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1421542985                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.459741                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648976                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    638886642                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5650707                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     42897191                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2236919685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.483780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.439283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1880213888     84.05%     84.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    128172048      5.73%     89.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57818111      2.58%     92.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63364194      2.83%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33473114      1.50%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14886626      0.67%     97.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     12100038      0.54%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7782203      0.35%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     39109463      1.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2236919685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    585586010                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1082177791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             266881654                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164130229                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             576705                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125286165                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1077615304                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     39109463                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3917588778                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3554638464                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               24032202                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              844608172                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            33459496                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          585586010                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1082177791                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    585586010                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.452092                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.452092                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.183416                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.183416                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2866233082                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1578800380                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20133                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      705695531                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5294580                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       943736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        83992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2834308400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       510732385                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3348831049                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2834308400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2834308400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    356322022                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       363886458                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        354288550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         80904008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           435429441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122505                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51397614                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51578935                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2559963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       876851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        78039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2633434609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          474535636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3111491884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2633434609                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2633434609                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3497445                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3530882                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         331068681                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            338097009                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3504231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           6090845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       876851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        78039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2633434609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         805604317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3449588893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               34454406                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        46460                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                13343523                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                21110883                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         23230                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         23230                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21064                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3232058607                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 267590402                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   511312944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           509612354                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36520305                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  509612354                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1314287142                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        563946101                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   132514559                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  80985724                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51528835                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2634026373.866482                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             598032233.133518                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.185031                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.814969                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
