
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 102759                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   182440                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               57456794                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      518407                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        920392                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        64576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              283264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6402984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    432753410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    222779689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              977227853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    432753410                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         433415787                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6402984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    432753410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    222779689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1284571090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.193692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083048253000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.193692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.574606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.574606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       917000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       917000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250262824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    250262824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    251179824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    251179824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    251179824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    251179824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41681.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41681.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177743.482955                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177743.482955                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175650.226573                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175650.226573                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175650.226573                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175650.226573                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1754100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10963.125000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       648800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       648800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233296800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233296800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233945600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233945600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233945600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233945600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29490.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29490.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165693.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165693.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163598.321678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163598.321678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163598.321678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163598.321678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1239                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1450.753267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1239                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.752220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          104.347708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.818749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.695825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.010313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.324375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.834197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    989.417614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    326.304486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.025476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.241557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.079664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.354188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2247                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1844                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          440                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4622                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             607                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  607                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2247                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1844                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          518                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4700                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2369                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          774                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3207                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          339                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                342                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2369                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1113                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3549                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3374269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212311570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74246963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      290421684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34398112                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34398112                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3374269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212311570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108645075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       324819796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3374269                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488882                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212311570                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108645075                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      324819796                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          607                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              607                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          417                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              420                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.562307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.637562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.409631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.812950                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.814286                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.562307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.682403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.430234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.562307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.682403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.430234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78471.372093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61110.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89620.755593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95926.308786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90558.679139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101469.356932                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100579.274854                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78471.372093                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61110.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89620.755593                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97614.622642                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91524.315582                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78471.372093                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61110.250000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89620.755593                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97614.622642                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91524.315582                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 101                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      101                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          339                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           339                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3140392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       443350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199156509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70007699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    272747950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32513508                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32513508                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3140392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       443350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199156509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102521207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    305261458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3140392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       443350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199156509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102521207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    305261458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3821202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3821202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7502117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7502117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11323319                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11323319                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.562307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.637562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.812950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.562307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.682403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.428294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.562307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.682403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 73032.372093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55418.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84067.753905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90449.223514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85393.847840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95910.053097                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95910.053097                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 73032.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55418.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84067.753905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92112.495058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86402.903481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 73032.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55418.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84067.753905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92112.495058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86402.903481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1756.378504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           24.327760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.054103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.731931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1253.589334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    439.675520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          409                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           96                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    523                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             101                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  101                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          409                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          102                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    529                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          678                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2684                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                334                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1009                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3018                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2802150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186054484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66070059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      255296843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31102356                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31102356                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2802150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186054484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97172415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       286399199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2802150                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370150                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186054484                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97172415                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      286399199                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          337                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              340                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.674419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.875969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.836919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.982196                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.982353                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.674419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.908191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.850860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.674419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.908191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.850860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96625.862069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92537.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94925.757143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97448.464602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95118.048808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93964.821752                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93120.826347                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96625.862069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92537.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94925.757143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96305.664024                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94897.017561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96625.862069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92537.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94925.757143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96305.664024                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94897.017561                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2399637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158492333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     56628027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    217833597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26367298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26367298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2399637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158492333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82995325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244200895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2399637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158492333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82995325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244200895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.674419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.875969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.832866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.982196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.973529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.674419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.908191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.846349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.674419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.827353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.908191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.846349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82746.103448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80863.435204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83522.163717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81555.071883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79659.510574                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79659.510574                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82746.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80863.435204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82255.029732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81346.067622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82746.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80863.435204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82255.029732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81346.067622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3703                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               440.221775                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  4.722387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.227418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   439.994357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.859364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.859808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20569                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20586                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           20586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20569                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          20586                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4911                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4914                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4911                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4914                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    301850132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    301850132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    301850132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    301850132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    301850132                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    301850132                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.192706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.192706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.192739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.192706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61464.087151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61426.563289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61464.087151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61426.563289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61464.087151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61426.563289                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    236112489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    236112489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    236112489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    236112489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    236112489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    236112489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.165345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56043.790411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56043.790411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56043.790411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56043.790411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56043.790411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56043.790411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           92                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.293756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           92                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.478261                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.219366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.074390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.076210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.567149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.643360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          216                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          216                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          216                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          216                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          103                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1763390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1763390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1763390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1763390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1763390                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1763390                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.307692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.322884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.307692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.322884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.307692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.322884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18368.645833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17120.291262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18368.645833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17120.291262                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18368.645833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17120.291262                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1461446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1461446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1461446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1461446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1461446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1461446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15223.395833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15223.395833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15223.395833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15223.395833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15223.395833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15223.395833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2281                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.099021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.105655                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.008142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          320                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          320                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          320                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          320                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2291                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2297                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2291                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2297                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30996715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30996715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30996715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30996715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30996715                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30996715                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.877723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.877723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.877723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13529.775207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13494.434044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13529.775207                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13494.434044                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13529.775207                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13494.434044                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23947057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23947057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23947057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23947057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23947057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23947057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10452.665648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10452.665648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10452.665648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10452.665648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10452.665648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10452.665648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1133                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               376.524714                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   24743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 21.838482                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      1.162848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   375.361866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.002271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.733129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.735400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        26886                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          26887                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15968                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15972                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        42854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           42859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        42854                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          42859                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2092                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2092                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          449                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          452                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2541                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2544                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145880332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145880332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38615121                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38615121                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    184495453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    184495453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    184495453                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    184495453                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        28978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        28979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16424                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        45403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        45403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.072190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027350                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027521                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69732.472275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69732.472275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86002.496659                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85431.683628                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72607.419520                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72521.797563                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72607.419520                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72521.797563                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          607                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              607                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81561733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81561733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36017372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36017372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117579105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117579105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117579105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117579105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3986802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3986802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7790475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7790475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11777277                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11777277                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026497                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026486                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67073.793586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67073.793586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82798.556322                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82798.556322                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71216.901878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71216.901878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71216.901878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71216.901878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  773489                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           37624                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        37624                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6198                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        28167                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           14861                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       178464                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                182360                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              37624                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        14861                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                53425                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24145                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1644                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        161362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           39                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          414                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25480                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3873                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             28                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       413063                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.815745                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.278506                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          360749     87.34%     87.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2404      0.58%     87.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1926      0.47%     88.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2813      0.68%     89.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3907      0.95%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3739      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5132      1.24%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2000      0.48%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30393      7.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       413063                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.048642                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.235763                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          173705                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       171258                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48056                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2323                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17715                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        324073                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17715                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          177890                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         104869                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        54715                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46130                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11739                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        308354                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2383                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7890                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       337682                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       763770                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       763680                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       209414                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          128250                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          945                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          955                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            29945                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        39451                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24984                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2293                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1270                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            287321                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1583                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           257145                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1449                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        94566                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       135557                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          789                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       413063                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.622532                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.396078                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       317449     76.85%     76.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        31917      7.73%     84.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20031      4.85%     89.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16238      3.93%     93.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11194      2.71%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8526      2.06%     98.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5337      1.29%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1944      0.47%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          427      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       413063                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            505     40.02%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           402     31.85%     71.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          355     28.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2858      1.11%      1.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       197661     76.87%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35024     13.62%     91.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21592      8.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        257145                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.332448                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1262                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004908                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       930893                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       383569                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       245092                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        255535                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4167                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14662                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          120                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8518                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           39                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17715                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92726                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          689                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       288904                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4532                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        39451                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24984                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1182                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           267                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           90                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          153                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1130                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6168                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7298                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       249826                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33216                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7318                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               53857                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25351                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20641                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.322986                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                245805                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               245101                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           159076                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           249537                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.316877                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637485                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       102379                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          793                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6251                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       395407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.471658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.391011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       330907     83.69%     83.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24032      6.08%     89.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12306      3.11%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         9881      2.50%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5890      1.49%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2905      0.73%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1665      0.42%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2433      0.62%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5388      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       395407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       102673                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        186497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41251                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                24788                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20318                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           184657                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5388                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              678768                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             595588                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2639                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 360426                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               96943                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             102673                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               186497                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       102673                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.533519                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.533519                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.132740                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.132740                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          480889                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         266353                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         109242                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           631                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.004987                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60004987002945                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65088494627724                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  39989                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    79264                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            19720980466                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4539016                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3042.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   121673937                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     241177844                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1922752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            49600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       573696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2665152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             5234688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       573696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         573696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2484544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          2484544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         8964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        41643                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                81792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          38821                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               38821                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        32043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         9561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        44416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                  87238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         9561                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              9561                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            41406                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 41406                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            41406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         9561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        44416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                128643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    38019                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.898646                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         40                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    38034                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.133953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.764692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.008372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.922793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.931165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        17088                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           20250                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          29300                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         18740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        18740                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49550                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    490907664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1959724872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2450632536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4849098544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    101191000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4950289544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5340006208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   2060915872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7400922080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5340006208                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   2060915872                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7400922080                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        17095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         20257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        29300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        18747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          49557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        18747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         49557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 155252.265655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 114684.273876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121018.890667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175386.955440                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 61253.631961                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168951.861570                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173320.552029                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109974.166062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149362.705954                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173320.552029                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109974.166062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149362.705954                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     64037112                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                6553                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9772.182512                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          28345                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               28345                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        17088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        18740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        18740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    452768776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1753587400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2206356176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4515857500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     80755100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4596612600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4968626276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1834342500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6802968776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4968626276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1834342500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6802968776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143190.631246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 102620.985487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108955.860543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163333.966291                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 48883.232446                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156880.976109                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161266.675625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97883.804696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137295.030797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161266.675625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97883.804696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137295.030797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          432                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1769472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          432                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        307407                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2651.213444                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2066559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        310098                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          6.664213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          560.265540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    40.781120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     7.306983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1282.162122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    760.697662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.136784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.313028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.185717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.647269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       671015                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26410                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       939901                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       199571                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1836897                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          276069                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               276069                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15711                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               15711                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        79339                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                79339                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       671015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       939901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       278910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 1916236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       671015                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26410                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       939901                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       278910                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                1916236                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4188                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       139430                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       115791                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               260527                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9395                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              9395                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        41014                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              41014                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       139430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       156805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                301541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4188                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       139430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       156805                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               301541                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    111725593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     31726918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3747688644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4924597556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     8815738711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    128124670                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    128124670                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2657782011                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2657782011                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    111725593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     31726918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3747688644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7582379567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     11473520722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    111725593                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     31726918                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3747688644                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7582379567                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    11473520722                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        27528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1079331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       315362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            2097424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       276069                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           276069                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        25106                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           25106                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       120353                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           120353                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        27528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1079331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       435715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             2217777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        27528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1079331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       435715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            2217777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.040613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.129182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.367169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.124213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.374213                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.374213                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.340781                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.340781                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.040613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.129182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.359880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.135965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.040613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.129182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.359880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.135965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26677.553247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28378.280859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26878.639059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42530.054633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33838.100124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13637.538052                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13637.538052                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64801.824036                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64801.824036                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26677.553247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28378.280859                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26878.639059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48355.470597                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38049.620854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26677.553247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28378.280859                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26878.639059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48355.470597                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38049.620854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks               79932                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                    79932                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       139426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       115781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          260506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         9395                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         9395                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41014                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         41014                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       139426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       156795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           301520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       139426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       156795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          301520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     89200942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     25667266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2953781014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4282197849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7350847071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    824483270                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    824483270                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2425099628                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2425099628                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     89200942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     25667266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2953781014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6707297477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9775946699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     89200942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     25667266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2953781014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6707297477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9775946699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    859997948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    859997948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2633565092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2633565092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3493563040                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3493563040                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.040504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.129178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.367137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.374213                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374213                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.340781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.040504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.129178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.359857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.135956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.040504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.129178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.359857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21319.536807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23019.969507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21185.295526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36985.324440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28217.572996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87757.665780                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87757.665780                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59128.581167                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59128.581167                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21319.536807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23019.969507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21185.295526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42777.495947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32422.216433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21319.536807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23019.969507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21185.295526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42777.495947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32422.216433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         24374                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32411.622685                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          287101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         56920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          5.043939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         9595.111401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.441668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        5.428232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.000100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   225.641826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    72.515393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   7731.780531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14776.703535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.292820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.235955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.450949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.989124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3914                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1018                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       130461                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        86608                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 222001                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks           79932                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                79932                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          242                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 242                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        18721                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                18721                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       130461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       105329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  240722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3914                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1018                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       130461                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       105329                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 240722                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          270                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8965                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29173                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                38505                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16668                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16668                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        14778                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              14778                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        43951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 53283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          270                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8965                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        43951                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                53283                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25195463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9035395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    839123504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2634327949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3507682311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     42834120                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     42834120                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1372590045                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1372590045                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25195463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9035395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    839123504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4006917994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      4880272356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25195463                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9035395                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    839123504                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4006917994                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     4880272356                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       139426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       115781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             260506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        79932                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total            79932                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16910                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           16910                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        33499                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            33499                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       139426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       149280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              294005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       139426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       149280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             294005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.064532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.064299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.251967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.147808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.985689                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.985689                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.441147                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.441147                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.064532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.064299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.294420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.181232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.064532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.064299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.294420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.181232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93316.529630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93148.402062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93599.944674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90300.207349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91096.800701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2569.841613                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2569.841613                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92880.636419                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92880.636419                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93316.529630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93148.402062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93599.944674                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91167.845874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91591.546197                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93316.529630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93148.402062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93599.944674                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91167.845874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91591.546197                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               10476                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    10476                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16668                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16668                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        14778                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         14778                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            53283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           53283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21416540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7677874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    712825643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2222040930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2963960987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1257291292                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1257291292                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1159796990                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1159796990                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21416540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7677874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    712825643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3381837920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4123757977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21416540                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7677874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    712825643                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3381837920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4123757977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    767934316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    767934316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2309669300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2309669300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3077603616                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3077603616                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.064532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.064299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.251967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.985689                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985689                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.441147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.064532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.064299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.294420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.181232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.064532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.086996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.064299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.294420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79320.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79153.340206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79512.062800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76167.721181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76976.002779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75431.443005                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75431.443005                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78481.322912                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78481.322912                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79320.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79153.340206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79512.062800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76945.642192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77393.502186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79320.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79153.340206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79512.062800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76945.642192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77393.502186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1005819                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        39444                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        791                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         82                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     4                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     8                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                   777                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  139357                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       873                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1045263                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   134098                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     5259                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             13                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              1                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                1686                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1079333                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.997331                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                14017051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1079845                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 12.980614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.997331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     14010714                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       14010714                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     14010714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        14010714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     14010714                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       14010714                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1134372                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1134372                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1134372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1134372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1134372                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1134372                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16503686924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16503686924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16503686924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  16503686924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16503686924                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  16503686924                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15145086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15145086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15145086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     15145086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15145086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     15145086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.074900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.074900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.074900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.074900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14548.743202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14548.743202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14548.743202                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14548.743202                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14548.743202                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14548.743202                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       281504                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40214.857143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        55030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        55030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        55030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        55030                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        55030                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1079342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1079342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1079342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1079342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1079342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1079342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  11808743966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11808743966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  11808743966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11808743966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  11808743966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11808743966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.071267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.071267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.071267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10940.687906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10940.687906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10940.687906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10940.687906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10940.687906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10940.687906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        27575                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         14022                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        27591                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.508209                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083939806000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13769                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        13769                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        13769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13769                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        13769                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        27777                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        27777                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        27777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        27777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        27777                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        27777                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    428459744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    428459744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    428459744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    428459744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    428459744                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    428459744                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        41546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        41546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.668584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.668584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.668584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.668584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.668584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.668584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15424.982684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15424.982684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15424.982684                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15424.982684                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15424.982684                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15424.982684                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           56                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           56                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        27777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        27777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        27777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        27777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        27777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    342261505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    342261505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    342261505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    342261505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    342261505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    342261505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.668584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.668584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.668584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12321.759189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12321.759189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12321.759189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12321.759189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12321.759189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12321.759189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       675451                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         40484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       675467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.059935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        40194                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        40194                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        40194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        40194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        40194                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        40194                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675695                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       675695                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       675695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675695                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       675695                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7744501953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7744501953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7744501953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7744501953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7744501953                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7744501953                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       715889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       715889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       715889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       715889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       715889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       715889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.943854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.943854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.943854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11461.535091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11461.535091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11461.535091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11461.535091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11461.535091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11461.535091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           67                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           67                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       675695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       675695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       675695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5676985123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5676985123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5676985123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5676985123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5676985123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5676985123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8401.697693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8401.697693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8401.697693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8401.697693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8401.697693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8401.697693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                434787                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.644507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                28102167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                435298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 64.558457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.644507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16821354                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       16821354                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11248029                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      11248029                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     28069383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        28069383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     28069383                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       28069383                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       687562                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       687562                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       146623                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       146623                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       834185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        834185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       834185                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       834185                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28039168939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28039168939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5076846826                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5076846826                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33116015765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33116015765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33116015765                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33116015765                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17508916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17508916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11394652                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     11394652                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28903568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     28903568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28903568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     28903568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012868                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012868                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40780.568064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40780.568064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34625.173581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34625.173581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39698.646901                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39698.646901                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39698.646901                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39698.646901                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       275946                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           275946                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       371572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       371572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       373828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       373828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       373828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       373828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       315990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       315990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       144367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       144367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       460357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       460357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       460357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       460357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7739577040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7739577040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4467075279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4467075279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12206652319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12206652319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12206652319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12206652319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    897003890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    897003890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2751169206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2751169206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3648173096                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3648173096                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012670                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012670                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24493.107503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24493.107503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30942.495716                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30942.495716                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26515.622265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26515.622265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26515.622265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26515.622265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               166227370                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        19379711                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19379711                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2168430                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     15239677                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        11066609                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     67759552                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              87718731                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           19379711                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11066609                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             30757095                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        7101475                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            241171                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      49431267                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       222878                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        31741                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          160                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         15145092                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1199709                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes           9162                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    153267770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.158108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.595186                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       123085749     80.31%     80.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         3235946      2.11%     82.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1434990      0.94%     83.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2130716      1.39%     84.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2132518      1.39%     86.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         2238634      1.46%     87.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         2454568      1.60%     89.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1885224      1.23%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14669425      9.57%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    153267770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.116586                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.527703                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        67254921                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     51717483                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         28947113                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       524347                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       4823906                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     174128331                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           11                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       4823906                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        69310314                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       18332221                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     29358776                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         27413799                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      4028754                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     169057937                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        15827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       1016853                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      1819263                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        23175                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    187426031                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    419238018                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    408955695                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10282323                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    147818369                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        39607775                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1037195                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1065698                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         12695039                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     21480098                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13484143                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1348871                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       647292                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         158116237                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1198485                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        150356965                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       223536                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     25057027                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35197520                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       296433                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    153267770                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.981008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.632181                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     96732224     63.11%     63.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18510208     12.08%     75.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12757883      8.32%     83.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9572965      6.25%     89.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6721959      4.39%     94.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4704596      3.07%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2964693      1.93%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1012814      0.66%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       290428      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    153267770                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         316389     37.37%     37.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     37.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     37.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         3717      0.44%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        331008     39.09%     76.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       195602     23.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      2132383      1.42%      1.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    112088696     74.55%     75.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3107499      2.07%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.03% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20395230     13.56%     91.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     12633157      8.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     150356965                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.904526                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             846716                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005631                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447861184                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    179275413                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143177538                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7416369                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5109895                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3624398                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     145364238                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3707060                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2362063                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3695825                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        24179                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        18332                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2103114                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        21430                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       4823906                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       15567527                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       171043                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159314722                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      2864460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21480098                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13484143                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1119845                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         81908                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        10430                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        18332                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       974873                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1376505                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2351378                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    147898044                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19880802                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2458921                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            32332948                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        15211976                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12452146                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.889733                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             147027020                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            146801936                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         96692734                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        157532328                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.883139                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613796                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     26967433                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       902053                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2170592                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    148517230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.889575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.840503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    104475170     70.35%     70.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14959982     10.07%     80.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9040095      6.09%     86.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7437926      5.01%     91.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3583632      2.41%     93.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1861332      1.25%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1384540      0.93%     96.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1381660      0.93%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4392893      2.96%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    148517230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     66301047                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     132117142                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              29165334                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             17784298                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              55400                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          13877325                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           3112457                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        129016031                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4392893                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           302906443                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          323029424                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 560928                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               12959600                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        180027723669                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           66301047                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            132117142                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     66301047                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.507161                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.507161                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.398858                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.398858                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       291529277                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      158020377                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          6335711                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         3316213                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       64161609                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1016239                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           53540                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        82760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        47472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       572617648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       114878792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          687794556                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    572617648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     572617648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1019915                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     74053966                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        76888409                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             1557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        10345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         5934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         71577206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         16180731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            87777970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           16996                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         9734404                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            9779752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker         1379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker          791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            9542834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            1914487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              11462290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       9542834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          9542834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30240                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             16997                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           1234130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              1281367                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             17889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker         1379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker          791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           9542834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           3148618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             12743657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       39444                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1005819                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        82                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       791                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    4                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                  777                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 139357                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      873                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1045263                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    5259                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  134098                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             1                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            13                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                914                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180195155374                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  54312076                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   107184370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           106717924                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                16541                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6480957                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  106717924                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       16541                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         266410911                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        119293846                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              26876                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             13621                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    25958074                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  16194762                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  9763312                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             180070686356.711548                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             124469017.288453                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.000691                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.999309                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
