
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  55983                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    98891                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               30212878                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    12.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      682599                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1205781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        75008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       197632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              277824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        75008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          75072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9381449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    203612196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    536479915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              754164284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    203612196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         203785926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9381449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    203612196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    536479915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             754164284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           751                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2114.444295                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.197071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          280.433941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.207516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.780478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    30.139964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.200062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    528.757906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1267.924432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.068465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.129091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.309552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.516222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2836                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          190                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          444                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          536                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4009                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1020                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1020                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2836                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          190                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          444                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          567                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4040                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2392                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3681                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                711                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           60                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3102                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4392                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5640197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1797218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121859805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244564798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      373862018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       488331                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       488331                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73697852                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73697852                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5640197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1797218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121859805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    318262650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       447559870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5640197                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1797218                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121859805                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    318262650                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      447559870                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1020                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1020                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          741                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              742                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.730419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.816940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.478674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.475410                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.475410                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.958165                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.958221                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.730419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.845462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.520873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.730419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.845462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.520873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94003.283333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105718.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 101296.596010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102242.808528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101565.340397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        16839                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        16839                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103799.791549                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103653.800281                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94003.283333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105718.705882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 101296.596010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102599.177950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101903.431239                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94003.283333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105718.705882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 101296.596010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102599.177950                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101903.431239                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  99                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       99                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           60                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          710                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           710                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           60                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5309233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1704418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115217872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    231310071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    353541594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1479399                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1479399                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69804652                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69804652                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5309233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1704418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115217872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    301114723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    423346246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5309233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1704418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115217872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    301114723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    423346246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.730419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.816940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.477503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.475410                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.475410                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.958165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.730419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.845462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.519687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.730419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.845462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88487.216667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100259.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95775.454697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96701.534699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96280.390523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51013.758621                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51013.758621                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98316.411268                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98316.411268                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88487.216667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100259.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95775.454697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97071.155061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96610.279781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88487.216667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100259.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95775.454697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97071.155061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96610.279781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      2002.592117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           20.009629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.327697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    34.714949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.484652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    554.101870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1381.953350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.042174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.061114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     51                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              99                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   99                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     51                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1172                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2378                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3630                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                711                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3088                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           54                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1172                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3088                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4341                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5037433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110753561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    223057179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      340494091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67369274                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67369274                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5037433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110753561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    290426453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       407863365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5037433                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645918                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110753561                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    290426453                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      407863365                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           60                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           99                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               99                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          710                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              711                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           60                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           60                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.900000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.974231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.986145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.448276                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.448276                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.900000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.974231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.988388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.900000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.974231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.988388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93285.796296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96818.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94499.625427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93800.327586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93800.025069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94886.301408                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94752.846695                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93285.796296                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96818.705882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94499.625427                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94050.017163                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93956.085003                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93285.796296                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96818.705882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94499.625427                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94050.017163                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93956.085003                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          710                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           710                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4281457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94289349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    189612112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    289592852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57326768                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57326768                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4281457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94289349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246938880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    346919620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4281457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94289349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246938880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    346919620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.974231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.448276                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448276                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.974231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.986111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.974231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79286.240741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82937.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80451.662969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79735.959630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79975.932615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80741.926761                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80741.926761                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79286.240741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82937.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80451.662969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79967.253886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80101.505426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79286.240741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82937.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80451.662969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79967.253886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80101.505426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1139                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               349.008114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17170                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 15.074627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.403424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   348.604690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.680869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.681656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32352                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          32370                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           32370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32352                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          32370                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1965                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1964                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1965                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161951434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161951434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161951434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    161951434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161951434                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    161951434                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        34335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        34335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82459.996945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82418.032570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82459.996945                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82418.032570                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82459.996945                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82418.032570                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    128559006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128559006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    128559006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128559006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    128559006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128559006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78056.469945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78056.469945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78056.469945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78056.469945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78056.469945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78056.469945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          198                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.660694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.252525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019265914000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.511923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.148771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.094495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.666293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1363                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1363                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1363                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1363                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          235                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          239                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          235                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          239                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4376963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4376963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4376963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4376963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4376963                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4376963                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.147059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.149189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.147059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.149189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.147059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.149189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18625.374468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18313.652720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18625.374468                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18313.652720                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18625.374468                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18313.652720                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3631382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3631382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3631382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3631382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3631382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3631382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.147059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.146692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.147059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.146692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.147059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.146692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15452.689362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15452.689362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15452.689362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15452.689362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15452.689362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15452.689362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2912                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.276389                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          2003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.687843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019124830300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.665313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.611076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.850692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.892274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2156                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2159                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2156                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2159                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2957                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2962                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2957                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2962                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35103813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35103813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35103813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     35103813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35103813                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     35103813                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.578330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.578403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.578330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.578403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.578330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.578403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11871.428137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11851.388589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11871.428137                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11851.388589                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11871.428137                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11851.388589                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           19                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           19                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25937047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25937047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25937047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25937047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25937047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25937047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.578330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.578330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.578330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8771.405817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8771.405817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8771.405817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8771.405817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8771.405817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8771.405817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3159                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               479.119385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   40393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 12.786641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019081958300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.348616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   478.770770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.935099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.935780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        45905                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          45908                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21993                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21993                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        67898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           67901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        67898                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          67901                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7453                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7455                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          802                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          803                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          8258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8255                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         8258                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    707845883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    707845883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79983363                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79983363                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    787829246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    787829246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    787829246                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    787829246                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        53358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        76153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        76159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        76153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        76159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.139679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.139704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035183                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035225                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.108431                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.108431                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94974.625386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94949.145942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99729.879052                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99605.682441                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95436.613689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95401.943085                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95436.613689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95401.943085                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1001                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1001                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4525                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4525                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    254360556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    254360556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76891216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76891216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    331251772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    331251772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    331251772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    331251772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035139                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035138                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86842.115398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86842.115398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95994.027466                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95994.027466                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88807.445576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88807.445576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88807.445576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88807.445576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106147                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           57510                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        57510                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6377                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        38115                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24517                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       153805                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                269662                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              57510                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24517                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                84618                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31566                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              5713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        485130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1907                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            34316                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2902                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             85                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       755785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.053248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          673285     89.08%     89.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            8992      1.19%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5154      0.68%     90.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3753      0.50%     91.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5555      0.73%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5571      0.74%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5434      0.72%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3504      0.46%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           44537      5.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       755785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051991                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.243785                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          159567                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       491897                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            75097                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4611                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24611                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        475854                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            2                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24611                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          169106                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         398293                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        62532                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            70136                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31105                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        453540                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          397                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8099                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        18822                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          195                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       543609                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1181514                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1181514                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       334405                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          209061                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2152                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            74732                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        67698                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30084                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1812                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          942                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            427705                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2150                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           374365                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2274                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       145022                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       229974                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          673                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       755785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.495333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.226701                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       605600     80.13%     80.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        55980      7.41%     87.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34525      4.57%     92.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22662      3.00%     95.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16538      2.19%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10894      1.44%     98.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6825      0.90%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2311      0.31%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          450      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       755785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            797     33.67%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           852     35.99%     69.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          718     30.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3009      0.80%      0.80% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       283225     75.65%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        60485     16.16%     92.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27646      7.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        374365                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.338441                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2367                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006323                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1510632                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       574988                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       361023                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        373723                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4583                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23130                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          111                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          118                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7289                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          122                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24611                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         357345                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4006                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       429855                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        67698                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30084                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2127                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2050                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           51                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          118                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1963                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5662                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7625                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       366387                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        58147                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7978                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               85192                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37761                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27045                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.331228                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                362077                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               361023                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           250912                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           400100                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.326379                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.627123                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       151839                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6639                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       731336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.379927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       639377     87.43%     87.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35879      4.91%     92.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13973      1.91%     94.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        15123      2.07%     96.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7135      0.98%     97.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3547      0.49%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2896      0.40%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2239      0.31%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11167      1.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       731336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       156149                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        277854                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 67348                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44553                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30679                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           277476                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11167                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1148920                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             884275                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2101                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 350362                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             156149                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               277854                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       156149                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.083920                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.083920                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.141165                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.141165                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          732373                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         420571                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         170044                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.077045                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1077044792751                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6096812062356                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24724                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    46174                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31152585                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4666088                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 34573.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   854797786                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1596375674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3535872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       132672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        40064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       945728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     10467904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15147456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       945728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         945728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11261632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11261632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2073                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        14777                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       163561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               236679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         175963                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              175963                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        23412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3282939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       123182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       878077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      9719098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               14063905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       878077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            878077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         10456048                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              10456048                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         10456048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        23412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3282939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       123182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       878077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      9719098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              24519953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   105673                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.469217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      55069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   105687                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.521057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020557533000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.117501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.351716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.966826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18657                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18657                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8112                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8112                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26769                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26769                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103841                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103868                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99393                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101121                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           204989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203234                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          204989                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4607281506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4608372506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126887784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6707197000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6834084784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127978784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11314478506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11442457290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127978784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11314478506                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11442457290                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107505                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109233                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924543                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.925737                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40407.407407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44368.616500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44367.586802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 73430.430556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67481.583210                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67583.239723                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72922.384046                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55672.173485                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55819.860041                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72922.384046                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55672.173485                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55819.860041                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       493900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  50                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         9878                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56793                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56793                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       750200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3323514101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3324264301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106085600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5479044503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5585130103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106835800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8802558604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8909394404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106835800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8802558604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8909394404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924543                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925737                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27785.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 32005.798297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32004.701169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 61392.129630                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55125.054108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55232.148644                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60875.099715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43312.431011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43462.792657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60875.099715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43312.431011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43462.792657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      28162116                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4018.763572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        53786628                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      28166139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.909620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          562.860116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    66.196070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    39.936493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2656.982902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    692.786495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.137417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.009750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.648677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.169137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.981143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17675668                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4464502                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     20942621                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5691411                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               48774202                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7077468                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              7077468                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1015389                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1015389                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1221353                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1221353                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17675668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4464502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     20942621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      6912764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                49995555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17675668                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4464502                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     20942621                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6912764                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               49995555                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       367981                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       208192                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19245917                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6284367                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             26106457                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        53413                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             53413                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1853659                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1853659                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       367981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       208192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19245917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8138026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              27960116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       367981                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       208192                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19245917                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8138026                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             27960116                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8253644082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4505655620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 424543493029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 156994797673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   594297590404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2230444295                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2230444295                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54555831510                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  54555831510                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8253644082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4505655620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 424543493029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 211550629183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    648853421914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8253644082                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4505655620                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 424543493029                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 211550629183                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   648853421914                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18043649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4672694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40188538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11975778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           74880659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7077468                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          7077468                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1068802                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1068802                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3075012                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3075012                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18043649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4672694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40188538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15050790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            77955671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18043649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4672694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40188538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15050790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           77955671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.044555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.524756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.348641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049975                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.049975                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.602814                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.602814                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.044555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.540704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.358667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.044555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.540704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.358667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22429.538704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21641.828793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22058.886206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24981.799706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22764.390833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41758.453841                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41758.453841                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29431.428062                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29431.428062                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22429.538704                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21641.828793                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22058.886206                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25995.324810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23206.392345                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22429.538704                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21641.828793                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22058.886206                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25995.324810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23206.392345                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3891734                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3891734                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              2178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               2178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1328                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              2178                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       367131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       206864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19245917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6284367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26104279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        53413                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        53413                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1853659                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1853659                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       367131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       206864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19245917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8138026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         27957938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       367131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       206864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19245917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8138026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        27957938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6267445479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3356351390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 315359631673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 122432517200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 447415945742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2791150705                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2791150705                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44123330825                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44123330825                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6267445479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3356351390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 315359631673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 166555848025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 491539276567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6267445479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3356351390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 315359631673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 166555848025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 491539276567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10104092584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10104092584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15171369238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15171369238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  25275461822                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25275461822                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.044271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.524756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049975                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049975                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.602814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.044271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.540704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.358639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.020347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.044271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.478891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.540704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17071.414506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16224.917772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16385.794019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19482.076270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17139.563431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52256.018291                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52256.018291                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23803.369889                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23803.369889                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17071.414506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16224.917772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16385.794019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20466.369612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17581.385171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17071.414506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16224.917772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16385.794019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20466.369612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17581.385171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        180569                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32312.685241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        29703228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        213037                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        139.427555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18321.405728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.075484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   424.432613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   137.533334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5505.080605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   7924.138700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.559125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.168002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.241826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.986105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       365058                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       206238                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19231132                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6134607                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               25937035                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3891734                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3891734                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4295                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                4295                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1676534                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1676534                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       365058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       206238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19231132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7811141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                27613569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       365058                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       206238                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19231132                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7811141                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               27613569                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2073                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          626                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14785                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       149760                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               167244                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        73650                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             73650                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       152593                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             152593                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       302353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                319837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2073                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          626                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14785                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       302353                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               319837                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    192272551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     58151828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1383709970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8802269594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10436403943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1780095562                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1780095562                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13720998389                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13720998389                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    192272551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     58151828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1383709970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22523267983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     24157402332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    192272551                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     58151828                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1383709970                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22523267983                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    24157402332                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       367131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       206864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19245917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6284367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           26104279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3891734                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3891734                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        77945                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           77945                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1829127                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1829127                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       367131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       206864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19245917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8113494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            27933406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       367131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       206864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19245917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8113494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           27933406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.944897                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.944897                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083424                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.083424                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.011450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.011450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92750.868789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92894.293930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93588.770375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58775.838635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62402.262222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24169.661399                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24169.661399                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89918.924125                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89918.924125                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92750.868789                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92894.293930                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93588.770375                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74493.284284                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75530.355562                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92750.868789                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92894.293930                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93588.770375                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74493.284284                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75530.355562                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              119170                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   119170                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       149760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          167244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73650                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        73650                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       152593                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        152593                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       302353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           319837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       302353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          319837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    163196459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     49347124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1175219034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6690712447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8078475064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3742969685                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3742969685                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11538120825                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11538120825                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    163196459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     49347124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1175219034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18228833272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19616595889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    163196459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     49347124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1175219034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18228833272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19616595889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9003814702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9003814702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13512994280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13512994280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  22516808982                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  22516808982                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.944897                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944897                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.011450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78724.775205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78829.271565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79487.252891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44676.231617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48303.526967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50821.041208                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50821.041208                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75613.696729                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75613.696729                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78724.775205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78829.271565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79487.252891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60289.903761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61333.103703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78724.775205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78829.271565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79487.252891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60289.903761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61333.103703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                34429885                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         46427                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 21095858                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 13334027                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          23214                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          23214                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               21188                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              40188543                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               136459327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              40189055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.395435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    136436667                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      136436667                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    136436667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       136436667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    136436667                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      136436667                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44164729                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     44164729                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44164729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      44164729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44164729                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     44164729                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 942738199585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 942738199585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 942738199585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 942738199585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 942738199585                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 942738199585                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180601396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    180601396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180601396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    180601396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180601396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    180601396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.244543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.244543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.244543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21345.952323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21345.952323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21345.952323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21345.952323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21345.952323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21345.952323                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       324248                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        40531                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3976182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3976182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3976182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3976182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3976182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3976182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40188547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     40188547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40188547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     40188547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40188547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     40188547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 732600135859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 732600135859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 732600135859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 732600135859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 732600135859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 732600135859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.222526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.222526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.222526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18229.077450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18229.077450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18229.077450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18229.077450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18229.077450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18229.077450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4675036                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4279108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4675052                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.915307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4278637                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4278637                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4278637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4278637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4278637                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4278637                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4675787                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4675787                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4675787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4675787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4675787                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4675787                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  77341135452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77341135452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  77341135452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  77341135452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  77341135452                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  77341135452                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8954424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8954424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8954424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      8954424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8954424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      8954424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.522176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.522176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.522176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.522176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.522176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.522176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16540.773874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16540.773874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16540.773874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16540.773874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16540.773874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16540.773874                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        24773                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        24773                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4675787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4675787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4675787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4675787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4675787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4675787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  63010485644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  63010485644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  63010485644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  63010485644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  63010485644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  63010485644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.522176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.522176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.522176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13475.910182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13475.910182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13475.910182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13475.910182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13475.910182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13475.910182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     18046993                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.985399                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5382150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     18047009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.298229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.985399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5382010                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5382010                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5382010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5382010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5382010                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5382010                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18057916                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     18057916                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18057916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     18057916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18057916                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     18057916                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 281465868879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 281465868879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 281465868879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 281465868879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 281465868879                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 281465868879                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23439926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23439926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23439926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     23439926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23439926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     23439926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.770391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.770391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.770391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15586.841188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15586.841188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15586.841188                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15586.841188                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15586.841188                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15586.841188                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        18985                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        18985                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18057916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     18057916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18057916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18057916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18057916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18057916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 226298300967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 226298300967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 226298300967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 226298300967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 226298300967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 226298300967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.770391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.770391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.770391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12531.806049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12531.806049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12531.806049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12531.806049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12531.806049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12531.806049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              15009644                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.831371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               282787833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              15010156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 18.839766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.831371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    182962061                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      182962061                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98590023                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98590023                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    281552084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       281552084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    281552084                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      281552084                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18687100                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     18687100                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4158396                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4158396                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     22845496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      22845496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     22845496                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     22845496                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 517059223349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 517059223349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108917138126                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 108917138126                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 625976361475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 625976361475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 625976361475                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 625976361475                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    201649161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    201649161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102748419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102748419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304397580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304397580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304397580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304397580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.092671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.092671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27669.313235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27669.313235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26192.103428                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26192.103428                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27400.427702                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27400.427702                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27400.427702                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27400.427702                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7033710                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          7033710                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6704610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6704610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        37135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        37135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6741745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      6741745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6741745                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      6741745                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11982490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11982490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4121261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4121261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16103751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16103751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16103751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16103751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 287840536193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 287840536193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  93671716805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  93671716805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 381512252998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 381512252998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 381512252998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 381512252998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10549757781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10549757781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15765109572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15765109572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26314867353                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26314867353                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040110                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040110                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24021.763105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24021.763105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22728.897006                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22728.897006                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23690.893693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23690.893693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23690.893693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23690.893693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3194752658                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       232578067                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    232578067                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     42670089                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    198284929                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       104085526                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1411493655                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1064664023                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          232578067                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    104085526                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            331936390                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      155755345                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          84373533                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     401308509                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       721352                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1935833                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        180601404                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     29552546                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1178794                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2343373696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.850003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.298767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2020071947     86.20%     86.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        20092308      0.86%     87.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14798127      0.63%     87.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26663703      1.14%     88.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22898913      0.98%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27933906      1.19%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19779429      0.84%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16830440      0.72%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       174304923      7.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2343373696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.072800                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.333254                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1475194655                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    443861989                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        306321207                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6391477                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     111604368                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1928716134                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1343                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     111604368                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1496963312                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      149136280                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    247851360                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        289795254                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     48023122                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1846787142                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       695597                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7517116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     32121095                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       247515                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2006206101                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4594219863                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4594132403                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        87460                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1202175177                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       804030928                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6228977                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6265141                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        147983863                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    260570862                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    160619283                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16232623                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     14687481                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1709620933                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      8987602                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1542762955                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7832159                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    579070666                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    773260247                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3333911                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2343373696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.658351                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.433414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1769622021     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    195012585      8.32%     83.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    123718353      5.28%     89.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     85404794      3.64%     92.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     69858892      2.98%     95.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49470406      2.11%     97.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36949214      1.58%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11083048      0.47%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2254383      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2343373696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4548834     41.47%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4235617     38.61%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2184741     19.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18463049      1.20%      1.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1144511025     74.19%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    237319632     15.38%     90.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    142469249      9.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1542762955                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.482905                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10969192                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.007110                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5454558659                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2298044027                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1465521554                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        40234                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        23444                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20094                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1535248985                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20113                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     23902281                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     96403113                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       520867                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       410034                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     57844251                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       201820                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     111604368                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       84013523                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1958928                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1718608535                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29963124                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    260570862                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    160619283                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7944403                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        933181                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        75874                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       410034                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14134166                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33680358                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     47814524                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1495190280                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    225809413                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     47572678                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           362512058                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       157571767                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         136702645                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.468014                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1468495263                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1465541648                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        921256865                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1419553164                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.458734                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648977                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    636103218                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5653691                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     42891152                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2232671237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.484798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.439323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1875405911     84.00%     84.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    128391760      5.75%     89.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     58011283      2.60%     92.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63610556      2.85%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33536960      1.50%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14877788      0.67%     97.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     12135795      0.54%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7811696      0.35%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     38889488      1.74%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2232671237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    585703079                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1082395320                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             266942781                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164167746                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             576843                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125305907                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1077832759                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     38889488                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3910993560                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3549066718                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               24071260                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              851378962                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            31352513                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          585703079                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1082395320                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    585703079                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.454560                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.454560                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.183333                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.183333                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2862801029                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1576748319                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20094                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      704727407                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5297730                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       943344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        83992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2835243664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       510893317                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3349926853                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2835243664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2835243664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    356402548                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       363966984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        354405458                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         80924566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           435566861                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122508                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51407700                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51589024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2558141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       875863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        77984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2632428737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          474347326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3110294832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2632428737                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2632428737                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3494956                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3528370                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         330907823                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            337931149                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3501737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           6086510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       875863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        77984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2632428737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         805255149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3448225981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               34429885                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        46427                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                13334027                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                21095858                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         23214                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         23214                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21077                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3234360489                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 267686346                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   511481599                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           509779796                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36535705                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  509779796                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1314751082                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        564135998                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   132545289                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81006308                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51538981                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2636138640.608498                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             598221848.391502                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.184958                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.815042                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
