
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  68766                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   122116                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               38353031                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      519717                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        922925                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        65088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              284480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1017                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4445                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    434961335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    224546029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              981422911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    434961335                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         435623713                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    434961335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    224546029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1288766149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.284153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083046571000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.284153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.580260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.580260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       949000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       949000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247011824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    247011824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247960824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    247960824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247960824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    247960824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43136.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43136.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175434.534091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175434.534091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173399.177622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173399.177622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173399.177622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173399.177622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1803100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11269.375000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       669600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       669600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230046692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230046692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230716292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230716292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230716292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230716292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30436.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30436.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163385.434659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163385.434659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161340.064336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161340.064336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161340.064336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161340.064336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1298                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1429.623044                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             879                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.677196                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           93.499819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.206292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        4.587570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.025489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    19.992035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     3.474428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    987.151038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    317.686373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.022827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.241004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.077560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.349029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2325                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1473                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          305                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4194                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             513                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  513                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           54                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   54                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2325                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1473                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          359                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4248                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2427                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          768                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3259                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          337                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                340                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2427                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3599                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3425141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214319642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74835510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      293068494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34286062                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34286062                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3425141                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214319642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109121572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       327354556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3425141                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488201                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214319642                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109121572                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      327354556                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          513                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              513                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          391                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              394                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.622308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.437274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.861893                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.862944                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.622308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.754781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.458647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.622308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.754781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.458647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79654.441860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61025.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88306.403791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97442.070312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89925.895674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101739.056380                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100841.358824                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79654.441860                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61025.125000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88306.403791                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98752.553846                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90957.086969                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79654.441860                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61025.125000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88306.403791                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98752.553846                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90957.086969                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  90                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       90                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3191076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       443286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200842239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70638913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    275115514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32419991                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32419991                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3191076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       443286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200842239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103058904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    307535505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3191076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       443286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200842239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103058904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    307535505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3821897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3821897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7501806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7501806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11323703                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11323703                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.622308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.435529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.861893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.622308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.754781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.456608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.622308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.754781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 74211.069767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55410.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82753.291718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91977.751302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84755.241528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96201.753709                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96201.753709                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 74211.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55410.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82753.291718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93265.976471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85831.846218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 74211.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55410.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82753.291718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93265.976471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85831.846218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1756.106283                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           17.310858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.840986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.746210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1258.193823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    441.014547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          457                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           82                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    556                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              90                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   90                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          457                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           86                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    560                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          686                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2703                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          332                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                335                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1018                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3038                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2884598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186993258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66826724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      257074666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31148262                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31148262                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2884598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186993258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97974986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       288222928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2884598                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186993258                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97974986                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      288222928                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          336                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              339                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.697674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.811702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.893229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.829396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988095                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.988201                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.697674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.811702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.922101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.844358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.697674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.811702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.922101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.844358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96153.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94920.435533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97415.049563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95107.164632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93820.066265                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92979.886567                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96153.266667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94920.435533                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96242.618861                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94872.589862                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96153.266667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94920.435533                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96242.618861                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94872.589862                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2467216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159296981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57273817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    219351614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26402190                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26402190                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2467216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159296981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83676007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    245753804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2467216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159296981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83676007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245753804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.697674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.811702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.893229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.825407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.697674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.811702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.922101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.839911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.697674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.811702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.922101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.839911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82240.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80861.411675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83489.529155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81543.350929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79524.668675                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79524.668675                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82240.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80861.411675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82196.470530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81321.576439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82240.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80861.411675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82196.470530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81321.576439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3390                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               458.258217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3390                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.172566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083049777300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   457.960940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.894455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.895036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20944                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20961                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           20961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20944                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          20961                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4593                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4596                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4593                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4596                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299600436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    299600436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299600436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    299600436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299600436                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    299600436                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.179857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.179833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.179857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.179833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.179857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.179833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65229.792293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65187.214099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65229.792293                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65187.214099                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65229.792293                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65187.214099                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234387342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    234387342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234387342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    234387342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234387342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234387342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60099.318462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60099.318462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60099.318462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60099.318462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60099.318462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60099.318462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           92                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.086190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           149                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           92                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.619565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.339757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.746432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.546652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.630387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          249                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          249                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          249                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          249                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          103                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1726430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1726430                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1726430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1726430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1726430                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1726430                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.278261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.292614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.278261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.292614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.278261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.292614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17983.645833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16761.456311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17983.645833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16761.456311                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17983.645833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16761.456311                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1425810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1425810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1425810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1425810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1425810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1425810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.278261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.278261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.278261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14852.187500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14852.187500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14852.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14852.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14852.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14852.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2359                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.109150                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2359                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.098771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.018513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          309                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          309                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2369                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2375                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2369                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2375                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30425666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30425666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30425666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30425666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30425666                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30425666                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.884873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.884873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12843.252849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12810.806737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12843.252849                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12810.806737                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12843.252849                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12810.806737                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23127591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23127591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23127591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23127591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23127591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23127591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9762.596454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9762.596454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9762.596454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9762.596454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9762.596454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9762.596454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   953                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               419.143407                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   21024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   953                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.060860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5083130155300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      2.999929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   416.143478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.005859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.812780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.818639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27381                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27382                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16215                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16219                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43596                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43601                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1840                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1840                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2262                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    142743790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142743790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38073538                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38073538                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    180817328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    180817328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    180817328                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    180817328                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16641                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        45863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        45863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025189                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025359                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77578.146739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77578.146739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90867.632458                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90221.654028                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80043.084551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79936.926614                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80043.084551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79936.926614                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          513                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              513                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          777                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          777                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     80929524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80929524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35598483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35598483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    116528007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116528007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    116528007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116528007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3991762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3991762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7788930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7788930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11780692                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11780692                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024518                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75353.374302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75353.374302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87251.183824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87251.183824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78628.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78628.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78628.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78628.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  772659                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38037                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38037                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6128                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        28912                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15008                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       172286                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                183770                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38037                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15008                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                53871                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          23801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1771                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        160442                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           18                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          488                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25537                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3813                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             25                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       406313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.835991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.303423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          353546     87.01%     87.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2494      0.61%     87.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1943      0.48%     88.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2827      0.70%     88.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3938      0.97%     89.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3765      0.93%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5088      1.25%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1988      0.49%     92.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30724      7.56%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       406313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049229                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.237841                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          168128                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       169949                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48406                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2387                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17437                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        326596                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17437                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          172316                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         106947                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        51442                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46568                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11598                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        310641                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          117                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7949                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       340301                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       767817                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       767727                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       212171                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          128117                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          969                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          976                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            29539                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        39872                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24841                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2087                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1179                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            288816                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1597                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           258909                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1428                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        93507                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       134731                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          781                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       406313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.637216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.413759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       310662     76.46%     76.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        31659      7.79%     84.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        19870      4.89%     89.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16264      4.00%     93.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11363      2.80%     95.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8600      2.12%     98.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5445      1.34%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2004      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          446      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       406313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            493     39.47%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           400     32.03%     71.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          356     28.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2892      1.12%      1.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       199033     76.87%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35434     13.69%     91.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21540      8.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        258909                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.335088                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1249                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       927660                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       384006                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       246516                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        257252                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4241                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14634                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          108                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8155                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           39                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17437                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          94065                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          709                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       290413                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4693                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        39872                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24841                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1204                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           270                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           98                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1128                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6121                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7249                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       251335                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33532                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7574                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54098                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25562                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20566                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.325286                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                247287                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               246525                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           159896                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           250696                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.319061                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637808                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       101381                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          815                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6193                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       388936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.486018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.410164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       323716     83.23%     83.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24220      6.23%     89.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12374      3.18%     92.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10053      2.58%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5909      1.52%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3050      0.78%     97.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1718      0.44%     97.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2459      0.63%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5437      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       388936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       103983                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        189030                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41920                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25236                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20609                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           187189                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5437                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              673782                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             598389                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2498                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 366346                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97773                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             103983                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               189030                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       103983                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.430628                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.430628                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134578                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134578                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          483772                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         268158                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         109852                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           661                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.008994                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60008993593011                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65092501217790                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  43813                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    85633                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            11959539336                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4547396                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5017.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   219838199                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     429678885                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3432512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            51840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        19264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       610176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4680000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             8800064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       610176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         610176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4480960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          4480960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53633                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         9534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        73125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               137501                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          70015                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               70015                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        57200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        10168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        77988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 146646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        10168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             10168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            74671                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 74671                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            74671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        57200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        10168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        77988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                221317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    71446                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.902281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    71461                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.303992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.598289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.018999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.912393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.931393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             22                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                22                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             25                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                25                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        41732                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           45262                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         2965                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          54165                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         44697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            99427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        44697                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           99427                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    507103664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4829398495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5336502159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8964620600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    155352000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9119972600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9471724264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   4984750495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  14456474759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9471724264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   4984750495                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  14456474759                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        41754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         45284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         2968                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54168                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        44722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          99452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        44722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         99452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.998989                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143655.428895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115724.108478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117902.482414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175090.246094                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 52395.278246                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168373.905659                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173062.749205                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111523.155805                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145397.877428                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173062.749205                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111523.155805                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145397.877428                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    114584204                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               11739                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9760.985092                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          52000                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               52000                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        41732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         2965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        54165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        44697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        44697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    464126968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4325682100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4789809068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8347495300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    118342000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8465837300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8811622268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4444024100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13255646368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8811622268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4444024100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13255646368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.998989                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999945                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 131480.727479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 103653.841177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105824.070258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163037.017578                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 39912.984823                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156297.190067                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161001.685876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99425.556525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133320.389512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161001.685876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99425.556525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133320.389512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        672966                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2568.430540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         4071471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        675815                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          6.024535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          690.628178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    57.601124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.389222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1084.739238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    733.072771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.168610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.264829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.178973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.627058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1309621                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43522                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1675283                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       475546                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                3503972                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          689773                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               689773                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        46361                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               46361                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       178477                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               178477                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1309621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1675283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       654023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 3682449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1309621                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43522                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1675283                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       654023                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                3682449                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13073                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1176                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       279525                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       254378                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               548152                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks             4                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                  4                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        17531                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             17531                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       114382                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             114382                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       279525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       368760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                662534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13073                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1176                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       279525                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       368760                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               662534                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    300339496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     33317860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6773755445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10063618579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    17171031380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255640310                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    255640310                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6060023424                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   6060023424                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    300339496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     33317860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6773755445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16123642003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     23231054804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    300339496                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     33317860                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   6773755445                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16123642003                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    23231054804                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1322694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1954808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       729924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            4052124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       689777                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           689777                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        63892                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           63892                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       292859                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           292859                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1322694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1954808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1022783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             4344983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1322694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1954808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1022783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            4344983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.026310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.142994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.348499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.135275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000006                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000006                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.274385                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.274385                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.390570                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.390570                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.026310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.142994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.360546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.152483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.026310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.142994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.360546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.152483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22974.030138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28331.513605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24233.093444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39561.670345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31325.310096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14582.186413                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14582.186413                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52980.568831                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52980.568831                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22974.030138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28331.513605                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24233.093444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43723.945121                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35063.943592                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22974.030138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28331.513605                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24233.093444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43723.945121                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35063.943592                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              233497                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   233497                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       279520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       254378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          548143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            4                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        17531                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        17531                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       114382                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        114382                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       279520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       368760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           662525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       279520                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       368760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          662525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    230419647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     26937539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5181406292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8655221870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14093985348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1506790732                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1506790732                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5405370916                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5405370916                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    230419647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     26937539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5181406292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14060592786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19499356264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    230419647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     26937539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5181406292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14060592786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19499356264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1473666373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1473666373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3340088540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3340088540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4813754913                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4813754913                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.026243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.142991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.348499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.274385                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274385                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.390570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.026243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.142991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.360546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.152480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.009883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.026243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.142991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.360546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17626.961980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22964.653879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18536.799843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34025.040963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25712.241784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85950.073128                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85950.073128                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47257.181340                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47257.181340                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17626.961980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22964.653879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18536.799843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38129.387097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29431.879950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17626.961980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22964.653879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18536.799843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38129.387097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29431.879950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         56095                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32275.121837                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          694562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         88461                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          7.851618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8414.673518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.145599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.780418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.016082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   190.651818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    54.380131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5017.443961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  18591.030310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.256795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.153120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.567353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.984959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12771                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1075                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       269985                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       199354                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 483185                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          233501                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               233501                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          629                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 629                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        68956                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                68956                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       269985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       268310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  552141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12771                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1075                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       269985                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       268310                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 552141                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          301                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9535                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        55024                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                64958                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        39003                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             39003                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        23325                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              23325                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        78349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 88283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          301                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9535                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        78349                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                88283                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28022955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9127217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    892479794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4996425755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5926055721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86466093                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     86466093                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2160074919                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2160074919                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28022955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9127217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    892479794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7156500674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      8086130640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28022955                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9127217                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    892479794                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7156500674                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     8086130640                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       279520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       254378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             548143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       233501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           233501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        39632                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           39632                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        92281                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            92281                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       279520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       346659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              640424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        13072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       279520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       346659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             640424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.216308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.118506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984129                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.984129                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252761                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.252761                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.226012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.137851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.226012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.137851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93099.518272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93134.867347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93600.397902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90804.480863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91229.036008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2216.908776                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2216.908776                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92607.713569                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92607.713569                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93099.518272                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93134.867347                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93600.397902                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91341.314809                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91593.292480                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93099.518272                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93134.867347                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93600.397902                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91341.314809                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91593.292480                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               18015                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    18015                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        55024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           64958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        39003                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        39003                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        23325                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         23325                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        78349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            88283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        78349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           88283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23808582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7754816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    758086905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4215696297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5005346600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2949167622                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2949167622                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1823478134                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1823478134                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23808582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7754816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    758086905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6039174431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6828824734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23808582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7754816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    758086905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6039174431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6828824734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1318252869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1318252869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2939999201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2939999201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4258252070                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4258252070                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.216308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984129                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984129                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.226012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.137851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.083546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.226012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79098.279070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79130.775510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79505.705821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76615.591324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77055.121771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75613.866164                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75613.866164                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78176.983237                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78176.983237                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79098.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79130.775510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79505.705821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77080.427714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77351.525594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79098.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79130.775510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79505.705821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77080.427714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77351.525594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2473551                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        40540                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       1919                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         98                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    12                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    24                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                  1893                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  335162                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      2017                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2514091                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            34                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   329757                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     5405                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             32                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                3041                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1954809                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                22517312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1955321                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.515916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22508938                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       22508938                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22508938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        22508938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22508938                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       22508938                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2061190                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2061190                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2061190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       2061190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2061190                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      2061190                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  30727958576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30727958576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  30727958576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  30727958576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  30727958576                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  30727958576                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24570128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24570128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24570128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     24570128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24570128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     24570128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.083890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.083890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.083890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.083890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.083890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.083890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14907.872916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14907.872916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14907.872916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14907.872916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14907.872916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14907.872916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       291160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        36395                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       106375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       106375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       106375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       106375                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       106375                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1954815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1954815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1954815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1954815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1954815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1954815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22393496340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22393496340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22393496340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22393496340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22393496340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22393496340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.079561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.079561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.079561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11455.557861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11455.557861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11455.557861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11455.557861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11455.557861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11455.557861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        44875                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.984218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         22310                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        44891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.496982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5084444772300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.984211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        22003                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        22003                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        22003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        22003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        22003                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        22003                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        45082                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        45082                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        45082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        45082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        45082                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        45082                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    841216365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    841216365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    841216365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    841216365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    841216365                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    841216365                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        67085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        67085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        67085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        67085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        67085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        67085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.672013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.672013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.672013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.672013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.672013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.672013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18659.694889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18659.694889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18659.694889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18659.694889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18659.694889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18659.694889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          358                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          358                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        45082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        45082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        45082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    703601212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    703601212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    703601212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    703601212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    703601212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    703601212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.672013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.672013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.672013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.672013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.672013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.672013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15607.142806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15607.142806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15607.142806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15607.142806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15607.142806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15607.142806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      1329796                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        184651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1329812                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.138855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       184311                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       184311                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       184311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       184311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       184311                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       184311                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1330113                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1330113                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1330113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1330113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1330113                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1330113                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16801399232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16801399232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16801399232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  16801399232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16801399232                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  16801399232                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1514424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1514424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1514424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      1514424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1514424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      1514424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.878296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.878296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.878296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12631.557794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12631.557794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12631.557794                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12631.557794                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12631.557794                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12631.557794                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         6343                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         6343                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1330113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1330113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1330113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1330113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1330113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1330113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12744157362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12744157362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12744157362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12744157362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12744157362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12744157362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9581.259158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9581.259158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9581.259158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9581.259158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9581.259158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9581.259158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1020573                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                44303775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1021085                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 43.388920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.031286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.968617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     26546139                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       26546139                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     17663882                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      17663882                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     44210021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        44210021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     44210021                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       44210021                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1659744                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1659744                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       358146                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       358146                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2017890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2017890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2017890                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2017890                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  66545209204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  66545209204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11326497186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11326497186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  77871706390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77871706390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  77871706390                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77871706390                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28205883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28205883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18022028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18022028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     46227911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     46227911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     46227911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     46227911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019873                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019873                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40093.658543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40093.658543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31625.362802                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31625.362802                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38590.659744                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38590.659744                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38590.659744                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38590.659744                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       683076                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           683076                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       929310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       929310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       932781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       932781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       932781                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       932781                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       730434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       730434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       354675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       354675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1085109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1085109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1085109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1085109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17782377647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17782377647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9917150933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9917150933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27699528580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27699528580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27699528580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27699528580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1535721064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1535721064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3484018586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3484018586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5019739650                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5019739650                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019680                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019680                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24344.947863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24344.947863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27961.234744                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27961.234744                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25526.954970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25526.954970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25526.954970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25526.954970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               289474055                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        31911848                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     31911848                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      3564814                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     23572470                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        16614515                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    119696461                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             146349986                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           31911848                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     16614515                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             49837820                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       11706092                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            681300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      89631670                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       266180                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        58867                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          162                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         24570134                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2092602                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          12721                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    268177693                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.095608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.551008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       219259976     81.76%     81.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         4543606      1.69%     83.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         2381812      0.89%     84.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         3365398      1.25%     85.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         3484035      1.30%     86.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         3484168      1.30%     88.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         3466257      1.29%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         3279730      1.22%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        24912711      9.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    268177693                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.110241                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.505572                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       117002833                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     95292937                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         46859311                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1017379                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       8005233                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     288501588                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           15                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       8005233                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       120883455                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       46825219                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     38721375                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         43918746                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9823665                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     280837892                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        70937                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       3162838                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      4802647                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       211173                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    313395074                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    704995463                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    674428495                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     30566968                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    244323245                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        69071833                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1207486                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1236993                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         26812880                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     33772487                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     21139069                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2128814                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1403170                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         260224115                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1531769                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        246647852                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       637893                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     41027241                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     59082237                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       388287                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268177693                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.919718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.593104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174086701     64.91%     64.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     32091048     11.97%     76.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     21537694      8.03%     84.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     14873574      5.55%     90.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10802468      4.03%     94.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7579264      2.83%     97.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5161246      1.92%     99.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1578558      0.59%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       467140      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268177693                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         544549     36.13%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     36.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         4482      0.30%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        603767     40.06%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       354315     23.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      4125181      1.67%      1.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    181377560     73.54%     75.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      9195198      3.73%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32064739     13.00%     91.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19885174      8.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     246647852                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.852055                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1507113                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006110                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    742207119                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    287881602                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    230350049                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     21861013                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     14922379                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10709969                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     233101808                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       10927976                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3085621                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5846747                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        43194                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        28036                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3170737                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        27019                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       8005233                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       37380553                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       471750                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    261755884                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      6044547                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33772487                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     21139069                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1317640                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        244107                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        49886                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        28036                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1438823                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2496519                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      3935342                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    242733103                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     31290766                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      3914750                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            50891699                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        24908520                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          19600933                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.838531                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             241343404                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            241060018                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        160890320                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        268063901                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.832752                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.600194                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     44434013                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1143483                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      3569972                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260262244                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.834104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.817525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    188679254     72.50%     72.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24581550      9.44%     81.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14720962      5.66%     87.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     11590872      4.45%     92.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5371503      2.06%     94.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3012197      1.16%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2390152      0.92%     96.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1924272      0.74%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      7991482      3.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260262244                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    109181991                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     217085759                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              45894071                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             27925739                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             158796                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          22725293                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           9244905                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        209030079                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      7991482                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           513455988                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          531146735                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 975958                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               21296362                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        179916486751                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          109181991                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            217085759                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    109181991                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.651299                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.651299                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.377174                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.377174                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       483388800                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      256745420                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         18765439                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9794553                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      100857949                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1159962                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           73196                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      7390968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker      7788232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1158030376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       231231215                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1404628331                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1158030376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1158030376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2506207                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    150440299                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       154761034                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       923871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker       973529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        144753797                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         32467432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           179123562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           41861                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        19679669                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           19749882                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       123164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       129784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           19297614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3853276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              23406964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      19297614                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         19297614                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             41764                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2506963                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              2578964                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             42984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       123164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       129784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          19297614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           6360239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             25985928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       40540                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2473551                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        98                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      1919                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                 1893                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 335162                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     2017                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2514091                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           34                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    5405                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  329757                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            32                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               1958                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180207186359                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 109593446                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   210713048                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           209819062                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                45647                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     13400374                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  209819062                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       45647                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         528975590                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        232641255                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              73992                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             37567                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    52234015                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  32501935                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 19732080                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             179961286731.917908                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             245899627.082094                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001365                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998635                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
