
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 111452                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   197876                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               62296279                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490124                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      518583                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        920714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        64768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              284416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7065362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    435402920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    223442067                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              981202119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    435402920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         436065298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7065362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    435402920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    223442067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1288545356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.186969                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083048372000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.186969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.574186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.574186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       925000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       925000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249772824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    249772824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250697824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    250697824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250697824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    250697824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42045.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42045.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177395.471591                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177395.471591                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175313.163636                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175313.163636                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175313.163636                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175313.163636                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1736800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 163                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10655.214724                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       657500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       657500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232807392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232807392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233464892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233464892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233464892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233464892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29886.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29886.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165346.159091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165346.159091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163262.162238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163262.162238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163262.162238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163262.162238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1290                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1456.891816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.741860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          107.844069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.451912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        4.179572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.711169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    19.446393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     3.589649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    990.409373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    329.259679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.026329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.241799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.080386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.355686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2349                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1826                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          451                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4732                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             610                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  610                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  23                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2349                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1826                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          528                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4809                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2406                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          782                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3256                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          344                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                347                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2406                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1126                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3603                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3590216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       588319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214382479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74917216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      293478230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34511832                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34511832                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3590216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       588319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214382479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109429048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       327990062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3590216                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       588319                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214382479                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109429048                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      327990062                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          610                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              610                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          421                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              424                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.634225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.407611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.817102                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.818396                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.680774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.428317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.680774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.428317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83493.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 49026.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89103.274730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95802.066496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90134.591523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100325.093023                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99457.729107                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83493.395349                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 49026.583333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89103.274730                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97183.879218                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91032.490147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83493.395349                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 49026.583333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89103.274730                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97183.879218                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91032.490147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 107                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      107                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          344                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           344                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3355490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       522048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201018269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70637111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    275532918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32598799                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32598799                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3355490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       522048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201018269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103235910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    308131717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3355490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       522048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201018269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103235910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    308131717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3824436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3824436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7526068                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7526068                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11350504                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11350504                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.634225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.817102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.811321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.680774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.426415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.568526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.680774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78034.651163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83548.740233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90328.786445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84962.355227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94763.950581                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94763.950581                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78034.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83548.740233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91683.756661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85902.346529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78034.651163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83548.740233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91683.756661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85902.346529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1763.439073                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           24.259229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    24.739917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.731185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1256.439566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    442.269319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          434                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          101                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    554                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             107                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  107                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                   11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          434                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          112                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    565                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          681                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2702                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                336                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3038                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3070397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187402971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66536600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      257387418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31295499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31295499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3070397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187402971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97832099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       288682917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3070397                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377450                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187402971                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97832099                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      288682917                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          107                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              107                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          344                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              347                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.744186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.870844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.829853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.968023                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.968300                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.744186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.900533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.843186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.744186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.900533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.843186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95949.906250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94362.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95031.932556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97704.258443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95258.111769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93980.477477                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93141.366071                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95949.906250                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94362.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95031.932556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96481.359961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95024.001646                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95949.906250                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94362.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95031.932556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96481.359961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95024.001646                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2625837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159674241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57065481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    219686759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26536254                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26536254                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2625837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159674241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83601735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    246223013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2625837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159674241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83601735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    246223013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6721379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6721379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10122179                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10122179                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.744186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.870844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.825860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.968023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.959654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.744186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.900533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.838745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.744186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.819618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.900533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.838745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82057.406250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80970.710446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83796.594714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81698.311268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79688.450450                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79688.450450                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82057.406250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80970.710446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82447.470414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81476.840834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82057.406250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80970.710446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82447.470414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81476.840834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3725                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               438.692726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17862                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  4.795168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.227418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   438.465308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.856378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.856822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20522                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20539                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           20539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20522                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          20539                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4950                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4953                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4950                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4953                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    305060128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    305060128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    305060128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    305060128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    305060128                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    305060128                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.194331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.194296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.194331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.194296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.194331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.194296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61628.308687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61590.980820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61628.308687                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61590.980820                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61628.308687                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61590.980820                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          716                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          716                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    238791025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    238791025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    238791025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    238791025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    238791025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    238791025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56398.447095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56398.447095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56398.447095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56398.447095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56398.447095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56398.447095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          111                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.291835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.360360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.219366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.072469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.076210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.567029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.643240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          264                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          264                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          264                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          264                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          122                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          122                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2233428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2233428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2233428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2233428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2233428                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2233428                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.303430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.316062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.303430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.316062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.303430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.316062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19421.113043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18306.786885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19421.113043                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18306.786885                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19421.113043                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18306.786885                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1873774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1873774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1873774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1873774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1873774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1873774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.303430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.303430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.303430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16293.686957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16293.686957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16293.686957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16293.686957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16293.686957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16293.686957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2383                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.098304                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.116240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.007426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.812964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          322                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          322                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          322                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          322                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2399                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2399                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32942760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32942760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32942760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32942760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32942760                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32942760                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.881661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.881661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.881661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13766.301713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13731.871613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13766.301713                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13731.871613                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13766.301713                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13731.871613                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25596547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25596547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25596547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25596547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25596547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25596547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10696.425825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10696.425825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10696.425825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10696.425825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10696.425825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10696.425825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1169                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               371.378347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   26617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1169                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.769033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.694071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   370.684277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.723993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.725348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        26966                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          26967                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15992                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15996                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        42958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           42963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        42958                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          42963                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2155                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2155                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          459                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2611                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2614                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    148039160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148039160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38741499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38741499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    186780659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    186780659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    186780659                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    186780659                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16448                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16455                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        45577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        45577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.073999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68695.665893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68695.665893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84959.427632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84404.137255                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71536.062428                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71453.962892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71536.062428                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71453.962892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          610                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              610                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          935                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          935                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          443                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          443                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82824604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82824604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36122216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36122216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118946820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118946820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118946820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118946820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3990036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3990036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7813242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7813242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11803278                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11803278                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026933                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026922                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67173.239254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67173.239254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81539.990971                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81539.990971                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70970.656325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70970.656325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70970.656325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70970.656325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  774020                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           37755                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        37755                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6171                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        28285                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           14895                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       179594                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                182865                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              37755                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        14895                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                53544                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24084                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1969                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        159244                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           26                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          430                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25472                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3922                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             41                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       412482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.818218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.281809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          360058     87.29%     87.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2474      0.60%     87.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1921      0.47%     88.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2792      0.68%     89.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3919      0.95%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3736      0.91%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5108      1.24%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            1988      0.48%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30486      7.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       412482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.048778                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.236254                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          175188                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       169104                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48192                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2317                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17675                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        324755                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17675                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          179357                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         105370                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        52166                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46284                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11625                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        309064                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2299                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       338798                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       765258                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       765168                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       209773                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          128990                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          934                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          934                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            29432                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        39597                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24788                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2065                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1128                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            287838                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1585                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           257764                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1489                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        94377                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       135358                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          789                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       412482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.624910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.398590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       316710     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        31898      7.73%     84.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20123      4.88%     89.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16214      3.93%     93.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11247      2.73%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8556      2.07%     98.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5350      1.30%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1962      0.48%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          422      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       412482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            499     39.51%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           393     31.12%     70.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          371     29.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2867      1.11%      1.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       198120     76.86%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35246     13.67%     91.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21521      8.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        257764                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.333020                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1263                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004900                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       931624                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       383897                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       245630                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        256146                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4205                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14740                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          115                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          154                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8294                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           41                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17675                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92798                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          686                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       289423                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4661                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        39597                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24788                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           271                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           84                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          154                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1145                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6141                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7286                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       250433                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33401                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7328                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               53962                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25400                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20561                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.323548                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                246354                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               245639                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           159582                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           250392                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.317355                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637329                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       102576                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          796                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6229                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       394866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.473120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.391252                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       330193     83.62%     83.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24087      6.10%     89.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12298      3.11%     92.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         9973      2.53%     95.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5905      1.50%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2969      0.75%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1678      0.42%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2420      0.61%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5343      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       394866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       102849                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        186819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41347                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                24853                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20352                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           184980                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5343                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              678791                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             596613                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2654                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 361538                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               96412                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             102849                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               186819                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       102849                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.525790                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.525790                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.132876                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.132876                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          482446                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         267205                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         109480                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           634                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.049001                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60049000526364                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65132508151143                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  43176                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    83243                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1658580424                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4743836                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 36205.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1563181789                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3013826546                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3418752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            99840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       123712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      2192384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     50134080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            56004160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2192384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        2192384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     37482880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         37482880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        34256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       783345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               875065                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         585670                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              585670                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        56933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        36510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       834886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 932641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        36510                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             36510                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           624205                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                624205                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           624205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        56933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        36510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       834886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1556846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   284324                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.886631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   284339                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.003415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.041438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.845193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.002590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.927825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.930414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            186                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               186                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            77                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               77                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet             263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet            263                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total               263                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       408047                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          411577                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        22558                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          73758                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        430605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           485335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       430605                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          485335                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    507468664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet  47041142648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47548611312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8980079600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    967226000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9947305600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9487548264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  48008368648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  57495916912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9487548264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  48008368648                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  57495916912                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       408233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        411763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        22635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73835                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       430868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         485598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       430868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        485598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996598                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.998957                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143758.828329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115283.638032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115527.863102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175392.179688                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 42877.294086                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134864.090675                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173351.877654                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111490.504402                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118466.454948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173351.877654                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111490.504402                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118466.454948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    405351620                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               47563                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8522.414902                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55150                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55150                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       408047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       411577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        22558                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        73758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       430605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       485335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       430605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       485335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    464793484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42119307007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42584100491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8362965804                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    683313900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9046279704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8827759288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42802620907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51630380195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8827759288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42802620907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51630380195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996598                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998957                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 131669.542210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 103221.704870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103465.695340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163339.175859                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 30291.422112                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122648.115513                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161296.533674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99401.123784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106380.912555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161296.533674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99401.123784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106380.912555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      11673275                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2856.878927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        45076806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      11676168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          3.860582                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          962.989701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   116.127275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.246080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    852.799741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    923.716110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.235105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.208203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.225517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.697480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20395386                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       315778                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9110697                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6832383                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               36654244                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        10737949                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             10737949                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1327970                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1327970                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1742912                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1742912                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20395386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       315778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9110697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      8575295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                38397156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20395386                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       315778                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9110697                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      8575295                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               38397156                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       456641                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         8061                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3528316                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5363609                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              9356627                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks            27                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                 27                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       132909                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            132909                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1965487                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1965487                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       456641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         8061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3528316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7329096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              11322114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       456641                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         8061                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3528316                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7329096                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             11322114                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9803803300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    220704582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  80715205787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 162576216337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   253315930006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2253653555                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2253653555                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  90695658059                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  90695658059                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9803803300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    220704582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  80715205787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 253271874396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    344011588065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9803803300                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    220704582                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  80715205787                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 253271874396                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   344011588065                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20852027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       323839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12639013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12195992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           46010871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     10737976                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         10737976                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1460879                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1460879                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3708399                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3708399                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20852027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       323839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12639013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15904391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            49719270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20852027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       323839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12639013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15904391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           49719270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.024892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.279161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.439785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.203357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000003                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000003                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090979                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.090979                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.530010                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.530010                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.024892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.279161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.460822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.227721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.024892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.279161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.460822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.227721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21469.389082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27379.305545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22876.410669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30310.974632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27073.424003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16956.365295                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16956.365295                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46144.114949                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46144.114949                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21469.389082                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27379.305545                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22876.410669                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34557.041468                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30384.042067                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21469.389082                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27379.305545                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22876.410669                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34557.041468                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30384.042067                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             5431625                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  5431625                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           43                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               106                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       456604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         8018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3528290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5363609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9356521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks           27                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total            27                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       132909                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       132909                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1965487                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1965487                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       456604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         8018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3528290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7329096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         11322008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       456604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         8018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3528290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7329096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        11322008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7367960255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    176965478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  60684974963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 132947902492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 201177803188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9038763248                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9038763248                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  79574037140                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  79574037140                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7367960255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    176965478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  60684974963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 212521939632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 280751840328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7367960255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    176965478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  60684974963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 212521939632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 280751840328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8656504575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8656504575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11901671520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11901671520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  20558176095                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20558176095                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.024759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.279159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.439785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.203355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090979                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090979                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.530010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.530010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.024759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.279159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.460822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.227719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.021897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.024759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.279159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.460822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16136.433879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22071.024944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17199.542828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24787.023531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21501.346835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68007.157138                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68007.157138                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40485.659351                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40485.659351                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16136.433879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22071.024944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17199.542828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28997.019500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24797.000702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16136.433879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22071.024944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17199.542828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28997.019500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24797.000702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        790733                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32207.551667                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        13952930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        823115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         16.951374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18501.265027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.016332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.082092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.016191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   124.093501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    25.597363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2442.803015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  11107.678147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.564614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.074548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.338979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.982896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       454671                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7465                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3494033                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4862046                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                8818215                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         5431652                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              5431652                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        35527                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               35527                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1359986                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1359986                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       454671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3494033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      6222032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                10178201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       454671                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7465                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3494033                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6222032                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               10178201                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1933                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          553                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        34257                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       501563                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               538306                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       316996                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            316996                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       385887                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             385887                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        34257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       887450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                924193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1933                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          553                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        34257                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       887450                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               924193                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    179481378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     51370252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3207152048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  46314865739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    49752869417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    932353948                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    932353948                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35649530823                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  35649530823                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    179481378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     51370252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3207152048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81964396562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     85402400240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    179481378                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     51370252                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3207152048                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81964396562                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    85402400240                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       456604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         8018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3528290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5363609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            9356521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5431652                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          5431652                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       352523                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          352523                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1745873                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1745873                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       456604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         8018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3528290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7109482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            11102394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       456604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         8018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3528290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7109482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           11102394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.068970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.093512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.057533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.899221                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.899221                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.221028                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.221028                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.068970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.124826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.083243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.068970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.124826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.083243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92851.204346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92893.764919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93620.341770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92341.073283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92424.883648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2941.216760                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2941.216760                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92383.342333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92383.342333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92851.204346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92893.764919                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93620.341770                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92359.452997                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92407.538512                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92851.204346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92893.764919                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93620.341770                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92359.452997                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92407.538512                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              530520                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   530520                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        34257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       501563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          538306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       316996                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       316996                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       385887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        385887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        34257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       887450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           924193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        34257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       887450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          924193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    152375294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     43622369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2723899423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39275368922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42195266008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24037541786                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24037541786                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30083560607                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30083560607                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    152375294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     43622369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2723899423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  69358929529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  72278826615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    152375294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     43622369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2723899423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  69358929529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  72278826615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7764598537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7764598537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10580908678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10580908678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  18345507215                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18345507215                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.068970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.093512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.899221                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.899221                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.221028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.068970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.124826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.083243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.068970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.124826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78828.398345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78883.126582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79513.659194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78305.953434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78385.279020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75829.164362                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75829.164362                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77959.507853                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77959.507853                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78828.398345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78883.126582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79513.659194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78155.309628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78207.502778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78828.398345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78883.126582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79513.659194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78155.309628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78207.502778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                     24235457                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        67864                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18748                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        330                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   120                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   256                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                 18556                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 3237799                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     19078                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                    24303321                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           318                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  3228757                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     9041                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            312                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              5                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               18288                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              12639013                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999322                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               138810774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              12639525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.982278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138805097                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      138805097                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138805097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       138805097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138805097                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      138805097                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13290941                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     13290941                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13290941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      13290941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13290941                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     13290941                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 239327892182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 239327892182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 239327892182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 239327892182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 239327892182                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 239327892182                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    152096038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    152096038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    152096038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    152096038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    152096038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    152096038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.087385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.087385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.087385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.087385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18006.843321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18006.843321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18006.843321                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18006.843321                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18006.843321                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18006.843321                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       263234                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 32904.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       651912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       651912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       651912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       651912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       651912                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       651912                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12639029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12639029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12639029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12639029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12639029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12639029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 184327158729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 184327158729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 184327158729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 184327158729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 184327158729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 184327158729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.083099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.083099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.083099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14583.965171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14583.965171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14583.965171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14583.965171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14583.965171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14583.965171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       330594                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.984233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        444724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       330610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.345162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083942942300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.984226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       444371                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       444371                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       444371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       444371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       444371                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       444371                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       330802                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       330802                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       330802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       330802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       330802                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       330802                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6235766868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6235766868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6235766868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6235766868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6235766868                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6235766868                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       775173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       775173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       775173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       775173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       775173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       775173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.426746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.426746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.426746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.426746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.426746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.426746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18850.450928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18850.450928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18850.450928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18850.450928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18850.450928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18850.450928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        13601                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        13601                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       330802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       330802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       330802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       330802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       330802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       330802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5227509702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5227509702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5227509702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5227509702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5227509702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5227509702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.426746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.426746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.426746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15802.533546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15802.533546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15802.533546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15802.533546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15802.533546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15802.533546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     21587588                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       9745282                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     21587604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.451430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9745012                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      9745012                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9745012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      9745012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9745012                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      9745012                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21589151                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     21589151                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21589151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     21589151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21589151                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     21589151                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 252197500541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 252197500541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 252197500541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 252197500541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 252197500541                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 252197500541                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31334163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31334163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31334163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     31334163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31334163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     31334163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.688997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.688997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.688997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.688997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.688997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.688997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11681.677549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11681.677549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11681.677549                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11681.677549                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11681.677549                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11681.677549                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       289339                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       289339                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21589151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     21589151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21589151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     21589151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21589151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     21589151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 186154593168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 186154593168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 186154593168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 186154593168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 186154593168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 186154593168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.688997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.688997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.688997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8622.599062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8622.599062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8622.599062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8622.599062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8622.599062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8622.599062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              15883016                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.773218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               250233929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              15883527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.754305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.773218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    145335608                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      145335608                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    103368213                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     103368213                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    248703821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       248703821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    248703821                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      248703821                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     24257988                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     24257988                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5197344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5197344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     29455332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      29455332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     29455332                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     29455332                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 760616515905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 760616515905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 155194928217                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 155194928217                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 915811444122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 915811444122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 915811444122                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 915811444122                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    169593596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    169593596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    108565557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    108565557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    278159153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    278159153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    278159153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    278159153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.143036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.143036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047873                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.047873                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.105894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.105894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.105894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.105894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31355.301021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31355.301021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29860.430292                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29860.430292                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31091.533585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31091.533585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31091.533585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31091.533585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     10435038                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         10435038                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12053024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     12053024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        49050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        49050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12102074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     12102074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12102074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     12102074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12204964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12204964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5148294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      5148294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17353258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17353258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17353258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17353258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 283011698210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 283011698210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 134259958888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 134259958888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 417271657098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 417271657098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 417271657098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 417271657098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9010701291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9010701291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12379856414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12379856414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  21390557705                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21390557705                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047421                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047421                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23188.245226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23188.245226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26078.533761                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26078.533761                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24045.724273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24045.724273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24045.724273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24045.724273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2520277824                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       204050217                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    204050217                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     22480184                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    131338514                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        91845995                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    832041344                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             931070598                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          204050217                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     91845995                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            308914706                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       76718474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           9204767                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1147110269                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles      4778057                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1354524                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          133                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        152096045                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     13696931                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          84947                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2357014363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.792248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.238213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2053811539     87.14%     87.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        23523960      1.00%     88.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15721495      0.67%     88.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        19156496      0.81%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21818046      0.93%     90.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        19549817      0.83%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17226866      0.73%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        23128400      0.98%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       163077744      6.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2357014363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.080963                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.369432                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       806191116                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1199281277                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        286964016                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     10967391                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      53610563                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1837326775                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          938                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      53610563                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       840130753                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      835260567                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    242136619                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        262786614                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    123089247                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1794161039                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1769441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      50125274                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     61945720                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1904896                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2006143081                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4567253035                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4263181080                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    304071955                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1530020324                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       476122746                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3588044                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3696033                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        284515138                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    201921434                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    127063698                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     15277921                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13738211                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1640289243                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6258483                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1541721468                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9628019                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    266542863                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    392238492                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1864906                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2357014363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.654099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.352139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1716770948     72.84%     72.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    251182132     10.66%     83.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    154903025      6.57%     90.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     89362542      3.79%     93.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     61465648      2.61%     96.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     43866181      1.86%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     30376458      1.29%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7506017      0.32%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1581412      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2357014363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3247659     37.86%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     37.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        12751      0.15%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     38.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3101405     36.15%     74.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2217108     25.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     33049610      2.14%      2.14% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1109777197     71.98%     74.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     90718718      5.88%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    189553824     12.29%     92.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    118622119      7.69%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1541721468                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.611727                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            8578923                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005565                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5251396007                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1766236507                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1407782918                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    215497024                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    147025820                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105609073                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1409536907                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      107713874                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     16076081                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     35754123                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       185686                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       185532                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     19233113                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       115762                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      53610563                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      628756820                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     10401638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1646547726                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     52896637                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    201921434                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    127063698                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4245688                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       5387289                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       767693                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       185532                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      6920722                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     18137755                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     25058477                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1520596678                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    185519629                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     21124790                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           302830293                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       155977130                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         117310664                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.603345                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1514404356                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1513391991                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1010588906                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1743390814                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.600486                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.579669                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    292083282                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4393577                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     22595992                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2303727466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.587969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.628519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1874390209     81.36%     81.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    149415034      6.49%     87.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     89481526      3.88%     91.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     61981773      2.69%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     25346495      1.10%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     16710023      0.73%     96.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     13610385      0.59%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8737771      0.38%     97.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     64054250      2.78%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2303727466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    678249421                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1354520207                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             273997892                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            166167308                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            1528830                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         141429381                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          91271104                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1280322922                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     64054250                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3885521748                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3347796293                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                6888231                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              163263461                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        177806058472                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          678249421                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1354520207                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    678249421                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.715857                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.715857                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.269117                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.269117                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3074125999                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1581878844                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        185000977                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        96540145                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      601265661                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3123404                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          377016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker     72642624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker     77627776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      9346397744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data      1865618939                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total        11362778443                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   9346397744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    9346397744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet     24544609                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data   1205681194                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total      1232040331                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            20533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker      9080328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker      9703472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst       1168299718                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data        260552573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total          1447658821                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          409467                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data       156902926                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total          157340745                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               6278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1209722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      1292741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          155646183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           31068276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             189225105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     155646183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        155646183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            408743                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          20078289                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             20517250                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            415021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1209722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1292741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         155646183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          51146565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            209742355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       67864                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                    24235457                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       330                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18748                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  122                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  184                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                18556                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                3237799                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    19078                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                   24303321                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          318                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    9041                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 3228757                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             5                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           312                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              14130                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180327321554                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 883871805                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                  1657430443                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses          1650657401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               442075                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    111849898                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                 1650657401                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      442075                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        4203093863                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes       1821160509                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             717177                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            364341                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   418120261                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                 260857173                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                157263088                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             178385351147.832947                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             1941970406.167066                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.010769                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.989231                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
