
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  55668                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    98326                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               30168872                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489264                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    12.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      679746                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1200639                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       194304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              273920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          74752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8686527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    202743543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    527445927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              743566721                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    202743543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         202917273                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8686527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    202743543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    527445927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             743566721                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          2044                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1590.717161                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          2044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.470646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          231.552289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.210401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.781730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.189726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.364187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    26.157415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.067903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    423.075767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    904.317743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.056531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.103290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.220781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.388359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3000                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          262                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          567                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          985                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4817                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1274                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1274                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           45                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  45                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3000                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          262                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          567                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1130                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4962                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1341                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2456                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3896                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          711                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                712                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1341                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3167                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4608                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5555864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1841617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    124504304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    242625811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      374527596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       694013                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       694013                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73172323                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73172323                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5555864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1841617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    124504304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    315798134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       447699919                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5555864                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1841617                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    124504304                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    315798134                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      447699919                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1274                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1274                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           73                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              73                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          856                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              857                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                9570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               9570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.067616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.702830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.713746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.447148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.383562                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.383562                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.830607                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.830805                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.067616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.702830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.737026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.481505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.067616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.702830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.737026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.481505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78251.605634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96927.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92844.372856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98789.010993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96131.313142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24786.178571                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24786.178571                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102914.659634                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102770.116573                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78251.605634                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96927.210526                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92844.372856                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99715.230186                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97157.100477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78251.605634                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96927.210526                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 92844.372856                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99715.230186                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97157.100477                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 315                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      315                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          711                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           711                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5165059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1738217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    117078967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    229012369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    352994612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1389691                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1389691                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69269882                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69269882                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5165059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1738217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    117078967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    298282251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    422264494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5165059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1738217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    117078967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    298282251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    422264494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.067616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.702830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.713746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.383562                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383562                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.830607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.829638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.067616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.702830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.737026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.480460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.067616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.702830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.737026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 72747.309859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91485.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87307.208799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93246.078583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90814.152817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49631.821429                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49631.821429                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97425.994374                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97425.994374                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 72747.309859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91485.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87307.208799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94184.480897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91836.558069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 72747.309859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91485.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87307.208799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94184.480897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91836.558069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      2042.829727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           90.565580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.332012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    33.089937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.367406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    543.918931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1363.555892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.002764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.041612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.062342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          174                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          124                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    321                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             315                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  315                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           21                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          174                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          131                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    328                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2332                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3575                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          704                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                705                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3036                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4280                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4672359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110298003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    219108596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      335715975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66757414                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     66757414                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4672359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110298003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    285866010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       402473389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4672359                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637017                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110298003                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    285866010                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      402473389                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          315                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              315                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          711                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              712                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.704225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.894737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.870246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.949511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.917608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.428571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990155                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.990169                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.704225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.894737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.870246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.958636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.928819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.704225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.894737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.870246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.958636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.928819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93447.180000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96295.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94514.141388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93957.373928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93906.566434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94825.872159                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94691.367376                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93447.180000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96295.117647                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94514.141388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94158.764822                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94035.838551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93447.180000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96295.117647                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94514.141388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94158.764822                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94035.838551                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3973471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93903870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    186294518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    285573757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       940800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       940800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     56783896                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56783896                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3973471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93903870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    243078414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    342357653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3973471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93903870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    243078414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    342357653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.704225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.894737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.870246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.949511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.915298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.704225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.894737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.870246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.958636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.926649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.704225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.894737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.870246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.958636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.926649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79469.420000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82464.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80466.041131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79886.156947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80082.377173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80658.943182                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80658.943182                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79469.420000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82464.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80466.041131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80065.353755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80177.436300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79469.420000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82464.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80466.041131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80065.353755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80177.436300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1412                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               332.214735                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   20829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.751416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.403405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   331.811329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.648069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.648857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31924                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31942                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31924                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31942                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2256                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2257                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          2257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2256                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         2257                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    167901716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    167901716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    167901716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    167901716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    167901716                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    167901716                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        34199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        34199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.065996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.065996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74424.519504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74391.544528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74424.519504                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74391.544528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74424.519504                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74391.544528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    133248032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    133248032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    133248032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    133248032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    133248032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    133248032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.055822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.055822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.055822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69836.494759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69836.494759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69836.494759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69836.494759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69836.494759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69836.494759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          271                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.606410                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          271                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.505535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019269516000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.853719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.752691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.053357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.609543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.662901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1303                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1303                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1303                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1303                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          308                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          312                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          308                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          312                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5844350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5844350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5844350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      5844350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5844350                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      5844350                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.193189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.193189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.193189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18975.162338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18731.891026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18975.162338                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18731.891026                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18975.162338                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18731.891026                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total            1                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4871259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4871259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4871259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4871259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4871259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4871259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.191186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15815.775974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15815.775974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15815.775974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15815.775974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15815.775974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15815.775974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         3087                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.273132                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          2071                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         3087                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.670878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019126197300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.675610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.597522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.042226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.849845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.892071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2233                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2236                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2233                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2236                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3132                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         3137                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         3137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3132                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         3137                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37856524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     37856524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37856524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     37856524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37856524                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     37856524                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.583784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.583845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.583784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.583845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.583784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.583845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12087.012771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12067.747529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12087.012771                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12067.747529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12087.012771                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12067.747529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           19                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           19                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28138657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28138657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28138657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28138657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28138657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28138657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.583784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.582915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.583784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.582915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.583784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.582915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8984.245530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8984.245530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8984.245530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8984.245530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8984.245530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8984.245530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3789                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               456.753666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   57071                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3789                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.062286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019303003300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.309299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   456.444367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.891493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.892097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44387                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          44390                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21864                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21864                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        66251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           66254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        66251                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          66254                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8153                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8155                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          931                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          932                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         9084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          9087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         9084                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         9087                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    707436008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    707436008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81022283                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81022283                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    788458291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    788458291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    788458291                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    788458291                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.155177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.155200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040842                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040884                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86770.024286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86748.744083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87027.156821                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86933.780043                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86796.377257                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86767.722131                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86796.377257                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86767.722131                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1254                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1254                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4713                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4713                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    258021301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    258021301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77392726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77392726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    335414027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    335414027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    335414027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    335414027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040665                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74919.076945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74919.076945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83487.298813                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83487.298813                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76736.222146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76736.222146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76736.222146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76736.222146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           57069                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        57069                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6412                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        37051                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24055                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       160944                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                265450                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              57069                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24055                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                83551                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31852                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              5947                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        487421                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1900                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            34180                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2968                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            109                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       764626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.637623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          683037     89.33%     89.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            9024      1.18%     90.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5105      0.67%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3682      0.48%     91.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5769      0.75%     92.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5270      0.69%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5201      0.68%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3673      0.48%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           43865      5.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       764626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051588                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.239958                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          165639                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       495318                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            74186                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4618                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24863                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        469664                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            6                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24863                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          175311                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         398758                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        64875                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69126                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31691                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        447672                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          412                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8043                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        19433                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          248                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       535868                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1171141                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1171141                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       327324                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          208536                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2144                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            75614                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        66810                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30626                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2063                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          949                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            422164                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           368744                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2390                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       144464                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       232564                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          684                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       764626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.204260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       614565     80.37%     80.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        57191      7.48%     87.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34574      4.52%     92.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22317      2.92%     95.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16495      2.16%     97.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10402      1.36%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6521      0.85%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2150      0.28%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          411      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       764626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            718     31.46%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           845     37.03%     68.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          719     31.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3060      0.83%      0.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       277825     75.34%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        59734     16.20%     92.37% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        28125      7.63%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        368744                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.333332                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2282                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006189                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1508343                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       568910                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       355603                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        367966                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4657                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22949                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          128                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7831                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          130                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24863                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         357307                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4027                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       424325                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4631                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        66810                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30626                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2144                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2119                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           55                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          128                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         2027                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5603                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7630                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       360970                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57419                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7774                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               84970                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37063                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27551                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.326305                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                356643                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               355603                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           246814                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           395054                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.321453                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.624760                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       151559                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6661                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       739925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.368567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       650461     87.91%     87.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35018      4.73%     92.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13422      1.81%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        14419      1.95%     96.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6985      0.94%     97.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3268      0.44%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2668      0.36%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2167      0.29%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11517      1.56%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       739925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       153296                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        272712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 66656                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                43861                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30014                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           272334                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11517                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1151737                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             873552                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2256                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 341610                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             153296                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               272712                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       153296                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.216340                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.216340                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.138574                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.138574                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          722408                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         413314                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         168449                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.134467                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1134467216514                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6154234486119                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24443                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    45661                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               32368558                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4657468                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 35048.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   856702721                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1600347536                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3535744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       155840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       962816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     10274944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            14996992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       962816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         962816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11054976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11054976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          666                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       160546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               234328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         172734                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              172734                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        22058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3116656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       137368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       848694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      9057066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               13219414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       848694                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            848694                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          9744641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total               9744641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          9744641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        22058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3116656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       137368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       848694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      9057066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              22964055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   103680                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.470306                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      55106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   103694                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.531429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020601638000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.111171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.359135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.006948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.966894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18719                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18719                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8399                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8399                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           27118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              27118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          27118                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             27118                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103751                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103778                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99078                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         100806                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        202829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           204584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       202829                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          204584                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1085000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4586357999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4587442999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    123624784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6677056000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6800680784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    124709784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11263413999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11388123783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    124709784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11263413999                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11388123783                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109205                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       229947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       229947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.921853                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.923090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.882962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.882962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40185.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44205.434155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44204.388204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71542.120370                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67391.913442                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67463.055612                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71059.705983                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55531.575855                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55664.782109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71059.705983                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55531.575855                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55664.782109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       331900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  35                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9482.857143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56750                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56750                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99078                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       100806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       202829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       202829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       747700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3305129494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3305877194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    102824700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5453774602                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5556599302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    103572400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8758904096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8862476496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    103572400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8758904096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8862476496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.921853                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.923090                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.882068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27692.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31856.362772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31855.279481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59505.034722                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55045.263348                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55121.712021                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59015.612536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43183.687224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43319.499550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59015.612536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43183.687224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43319.499550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      31938828                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3548.846034                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        56739544                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      31942292                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.776314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          458.012602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    56.307461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    36.445448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2375.887278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    622.193245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.111819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.580051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.151903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.866417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16971303                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4492647                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22399696                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7263440                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               51127086                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         8385991                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              8385991                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1159298                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1159298                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1388298                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1388298                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16971303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4492647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22399696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      8651738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                52515384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16971303                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4492647                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22399696                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      8651738                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               52515384                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       527513                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321267                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21428433                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6898279                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             29175492                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks             5                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                  5                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        83518                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             83518                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2008781                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            2008781                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       527513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21428433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8907060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              31184273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       527513                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321267                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21428433                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8907060                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             31184273                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11787223306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6908717370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 472437797200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 170606568364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   661740306240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2216301079                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2216301079                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57834248071                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  57834248071                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11787223306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6908717370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 472437797200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 228440816435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    719574554311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11787223306                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6908717370                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 472437797200                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 228440816435                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   719574554311                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17498816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4813914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43828129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14161719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           80302578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8385996                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          8385996                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1242816                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1242816                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3397079                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3397079                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17498816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4813914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43828129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17558798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            83699657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17498816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4813914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43828129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17558798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           83699657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.488920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.487107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.363319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000001                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000001                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067201                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.067201                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.591326                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.591326                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.488920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.507270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.372573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.488920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.507270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.372573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22344.896346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21504.597017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22047.239628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24731.758220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22681.376076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26536.807383                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26536.807383                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28790.718386                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28790.718386                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22344.896346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21504.597017                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22047.239628                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25647.162637                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23074.918383                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22344.896346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21504.597017                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22047.239628                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25647.162637                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23074.918383                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             4489456                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  4489456                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              1716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               1716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          373                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1343                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              1716                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       527140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21428433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6898279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29173776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            5                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total             5                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        83518                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        83518                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2008781                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2008781                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       527140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21428433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8907060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         31182557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       527140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21428433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8907060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        31182557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8955079483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5148277864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 350923442036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 132644119422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 497670918805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3376242858                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3376242858                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  46545470535                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46545470535                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8955079483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5148277864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 350923442036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 179189589957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 544216389340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8955079483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5148277864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 350923442036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 179189589957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 544216389340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10655331697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10655331697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15847278009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15847278009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26502609706                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26502609706                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.488920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.487107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067201                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067201                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.591326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.591326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.488920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.507270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.372553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.030124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.488920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.507270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.372553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16988.047735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16092.190220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16376.533087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19228.581422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17058.844861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40425.331761                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40425.331761                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23171.002979                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23171.002979                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16988.047735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16092.190220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16376.533087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20117.703255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17452.590220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16988.047735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16092.190220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16376.533087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20117.703255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17452.590220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        178898                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32347.104688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        33375947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        211351                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        157.917147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18872.054395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.064229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   473.467003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   153.872356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5681.091393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   7166.537161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.575929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.173373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.218705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       524705                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319258                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21413381                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6748032                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               29005376                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4489461                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              4489461                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34568                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               34568                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1835541                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1835541                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       524705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21413381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      8583573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                30840917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       524705                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319258                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21413381                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      8583573                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               30840917                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2435                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          666                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15052                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       150247                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               168400                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        69976                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             69976                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       152214                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             152214                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       302461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                320614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2435                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          666                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15052                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       302461                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               320614                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    225793266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     61925991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1407600668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8851142373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10546462298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1730622482                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1730622482                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13663313698                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13663313698                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    225793266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     61925991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1407600668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22514456071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     24209775996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    225793266                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     61925991                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1407600668                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22514456071                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    24209775996                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       527140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21428433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6898279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           29173776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4489461                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          4489461                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       104544                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          104544                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1987755                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1987755                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       527140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21428433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8886034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            31161531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       527140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       319924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21428433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8886034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           31161531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.005772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.669345                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.669345                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076576                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.076576                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.010289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.010289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92728.240657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92981.968468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93515.856232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58910.609683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62627.448325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24731.657740                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24731.657740                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89763.843654                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89763.843654                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92728.240657                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92981.968468                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93515.856232                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74437.550861                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75510.663901                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92728.240657                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92981.968468                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93515.856232                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74437.550861                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75510.663901                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              115984                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   115984                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       150247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          168400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        69976                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        69976                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       152214                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        152214                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       302461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           320614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       302461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          320614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    191646773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     52566074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1195286112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6734552661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8174051620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3475383665                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3475383665                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11486951875                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11486951875                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    191646773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     52566074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1195286112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18221504536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19661003495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    191646773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     52566074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1195286112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18221504536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19661003495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9493305069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9493305069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  14110586334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14110586334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  23603891403                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  23603891403                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.669345                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.669345                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78705.040246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78928.039039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79410.451236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44823.208856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48539.498931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49665.366197                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49665.366197                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75465.803901                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75465.803901                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78705.040246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78928.039039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79410.451236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60244.145645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61322.972468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78705.040246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78928.039039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79410.451236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60244.145645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61322.972468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                32687175                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         44077                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20028066                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 12659109                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22039                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22039                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               22371                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              43828134                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               132197843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              43828646                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.016243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132182179                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      132182179                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132182179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       132182179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132182179                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      132182179                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     48066421                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     48066421                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     48066421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      48066421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     48066421                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     48066421                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1039671256660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1039671256660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1039671256660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 1039671256660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1039671256660                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 1039671256660                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180248600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    180248600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180248600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    180248600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180248600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    180248600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.266667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.266667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.266667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21629.887040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21629.887040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21629.887040                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21629.887040                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21629.887040                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21629.887040                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       323961                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40495.125000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4238281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4238281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4238281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4238281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4238281                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4238281                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43828140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     43828140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43828140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     43828140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43828140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     43828140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 811050219169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 811050219169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 811050219169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 811050219169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 811050219169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 811050219169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18505.239309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18505.239309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18505.239309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18505.239309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18505.239309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18505.239309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4815967                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4444122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4815983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.922786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4443633                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4443633                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4443633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4443633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4443633                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4443633                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4816690                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4816690                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4816690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4816690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4816690                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4816690                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  82140402483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82140402483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  82140402483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  82140402483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  82140402483                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  82140402483                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9260323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9260323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9260323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9260323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9260323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9260323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.520143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.520143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.520143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.520143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.520143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.520143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17053.288147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17053.288147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17053.288147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17053.288147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17053.288147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17053.288147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        32733                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        32733                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4816690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4816690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4816690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4816690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4816690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4816690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  67348049904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  67348049904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  67348049904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  67348049904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  67348049904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  67348049904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.520143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.520143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.520143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.520143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.520143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.520143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13982.226364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13982.226364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13982.226364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13982.226364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13982.226364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13982.226364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17504085                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.985266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5032795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17504101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.287521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.985266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5032477                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5032477                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5032477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5032477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5032477                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5032477                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17514992                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17514992                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17514992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17514992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17514992                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17514992                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 283816303191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 283816303191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 283816303191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 283816303191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 283816303191                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 283816303191                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22547469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22547469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22547469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     22547469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22547469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     22547469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.776805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.776805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.776805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16204.192568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16204.192568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16204.192568                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16204.192568                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16204.192568                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16204.192568                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        16869                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        16869                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17514992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17514992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17514992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17514992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17514992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17514992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 230302503980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 230302503980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 230302503980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 230302503980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 230302503980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 230302503980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.776805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.776805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.776805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13148.878628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13148.878628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13148.878628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13148.878628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13148.878628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13148.878628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              17518997                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.778717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               279756959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              17519508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.968311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.778717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    180028003                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      180028003                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98328871                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98328871                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    278356874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       278356874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    278356874                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      278356874                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     21841443                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     21841443                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4666549                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4666549                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     26507992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      26507992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     26507992                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     26507992                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 585973729767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 585973729767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 119664717275                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 119664717275                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 705638447042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 705638447042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 705638447042                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 705638447042                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    201869446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    201869446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102995420                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102995420                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304864866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304864866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304864866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304864866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.108196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045308                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045308                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26828.526383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26828.526383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25643.085988                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25643.085988                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26619.837785                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26619.837785                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26619.837785                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26619.837785                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8336396                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          8336396                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7669614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7669614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        54573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        54573                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7724187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7724187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7724187                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7724187                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14171829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14171829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4611976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4611976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18783805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18783805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18783805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18783805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 327689921250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 327689921250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102422890301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 102422890301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 430112811551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 430112811551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 430112811551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 430112811551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11125293552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11125293552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  16468783529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16468783529                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  27594077081                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  27594077081                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044778                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044778                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23122.627379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23122.627379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22208.027601                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22208.027601                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22898.066262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22898.066262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22898.066262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22898.066262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3368142303                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       231710339                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    231710339                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     43077417                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    196993940                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       103670478                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1507850405                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1056972096                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          231710339                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    103670478                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            329936546                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      156166274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          87587116                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     396416109                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       725572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2188393                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        180248608                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30564307                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1235758                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2436212466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.812079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.253484                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2114888679     86.81%     86.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        20213878      0.83%     87.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14619222      0.60%     88.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26499543      1.09%     89.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22724839      0.93%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27777496      1.14%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19718375      0.81%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16814861      0.69%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       172955573      7.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2436212466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.068795                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.313815                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1570706272                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    442714592                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        305060213                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6223120                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     111508269                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1918000009                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1133                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     111508269                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1591513392                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      139095541                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    259581720                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        289510235                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     45003309                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1839339349                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       649413                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7182290                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     29449359                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       203493                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1997234425                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4572544507                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4572455355                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        89152                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1204864723                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       792369715                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6248733                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6272743                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        139535119                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    259481269                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    159200419                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16905292                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15466908                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1705101629                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      8994670                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1541684212                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7878221                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    568897799                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    758913022                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3296003                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2436212466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.632820                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.407549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1859352326     76.32%     76.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    198495369      8.15%     84.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    124456588      5.11%     89.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     85239262      3.50%     93.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     69814397      2.87%     95.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49176320      2.02%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36502932      1.50%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11001075      0.45%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2174197      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2436212466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4451086     42.01%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4061804     38.34%     80.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2082256     19.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18728233      1.21%      1.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1145066340     74.27%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    236477586     15.34%     90.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    141412053      9.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1541684212                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.457725                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10595146                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5544673543                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2283425591                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1465922241                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        41261                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        24454                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20344                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1533530472                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20653                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     23296223                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     94940349                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       513578                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       479343                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     56173701                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       200486                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     111508269                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       80816998                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1896605                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1714096299                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29878275                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    259481269                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    159200419                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7947710                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        943570                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        74152                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       479343                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14309184                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33920545                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     48229729                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1495552501                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    225421615                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     46131714                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           361243249                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       158193766                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         135821634                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.444029                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1468823362                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1465942585                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        922381791                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1421549337                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.435238                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648857                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    629218383                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5698667                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43334386                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2325610590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.466465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.418285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1968821397     84.66%     84.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    128126211      5.51%     90.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57779030      2.48%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63100914      2.71%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33455121      1.44%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     15018105      0.65%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     11877611      0.51%     97.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7804610      0.34%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     39627591      1.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2325610590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    586863918                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1084816686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             267567634                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164540917                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             578115                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125546897                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1080238949                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     39627591                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3998710479                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3540053453                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               26847590                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              931929837                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            38113072                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          586863918                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1084816686                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    586863918                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.739222                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.739222                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.174240                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.174240                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2863648216                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1577405193                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20344                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      704010696                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5350393                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       943912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        84000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2843552384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       512525571                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3359868403                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2843552384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2843552384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    357423360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       364987796                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        355444048                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         81180487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           436861446                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122510                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51561111                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51742437                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2428657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       832031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        74044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2506509084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          451776449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            2961626704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2506509084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2506509084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3318054                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3349777                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         315058342                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            321726173                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3324493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           5778434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       832031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        74044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2506509084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         766834791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3283352877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               32687175                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        44077                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                12659109                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20028066                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22039                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22039                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              22230                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3406799206                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 268444490                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   513060806                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           511347383                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36614079                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  511347383                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1318575009                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        565893656                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   132961541                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81265697                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51695844                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2806716153.925698                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             600083052.074302                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.176143                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.823857                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
