
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  38929                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    69921                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               20537131                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490196                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    14.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549660                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987252                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        45056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              243072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        44096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            44096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    155379411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6179863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    432148986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    240793945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              838254265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    432148986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         432590405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        152068770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             152068770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        152068770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    155379411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6179863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    432148986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    240793945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             990323035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      700                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.240172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      700                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971064651000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.240172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.515011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.515011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              12                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            704                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             716                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       499000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       499000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127303912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    127303912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127802912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    127802912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127802912                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    127802912                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          704                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41583.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41583.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180829.420455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180829.420455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178495.687151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178495.687151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178495.687151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178495.687151                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       963700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  79                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 12198.734177                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            689                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 689                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       351500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       351500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    118825384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118825384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    119176884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119176884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    119176884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119176884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29291.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29291.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168786.056818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168786.056818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166448.162011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166448.162011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166448.162011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166448.162011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           11                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        45056                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           11                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1341                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1349.797210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.442207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           72.374622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.553025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.396074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.764154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.566652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    17.798376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.322977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    897.717187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    351.304143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.017670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.219169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.085768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.329540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2456                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1553                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          455                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4604                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             593                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  593                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2456                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1553                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          549                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4698                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          935                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3382                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          287                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                287                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3669                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3232175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       899369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212915922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88743367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      305790833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28801710                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28801710                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3232175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       899369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212915922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117545077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       334592543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3232175                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       899369                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    212915922                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117545077                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      334592543                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          593                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              593                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          381                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              381                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.605537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.672662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.423491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052632                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.052632                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.753281                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.753281                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.605537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.690006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.438508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.605537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.690006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.438508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76956.547619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74947.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89310.369966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94912.691979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90417.159373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100354.390244                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100354.390244                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76956.547619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74947.416667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89310.369966                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96190.734043                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91194.478877                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 76956.547619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74947.416667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89310.369966                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96190.734043                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91194.478877                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 103                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      103                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          287                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           287                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3002213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       833366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199685684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83614599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287135862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27205887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27205887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3002213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       833366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199685684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110820486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    314341749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3002213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       833366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    199685684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110820486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    314341749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7063075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7063075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10246688                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10246688                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.605537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.672662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.422364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.753281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.753281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.605537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.690006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.437433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.078947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.605537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.690006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71481.261905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 69447.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83760.773490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89427.378610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85127.738512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94794.031359                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94794.031359                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71481.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 69447.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83760.773490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90687.795417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85885.723770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 71481.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 69447.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83760.773490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90687.795417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85885.723770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1667.162803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           15.900242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.633827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.959199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1131.504853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    483.164760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          426                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          120                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    564                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             103                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  103                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          426                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          129                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    573                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          815                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2818                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3094                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2693631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186273874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78744413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268452747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25937775                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25937775                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2693631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186273874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104682188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       294390522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2693631                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740829                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186273874                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104682188                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      294390522                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          103                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              103                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          285                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              285                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.821309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.871658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.833235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.968421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.968421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.821309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.894262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.843741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.821309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.894262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.843741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96201.107143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92603.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95134.767109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96618.911656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95263.572392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93977.445652                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93977.445652                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96201.107143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92603.625000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95134.767109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95950.676444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95148.843568                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96201.107143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92603.625000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95134.767109                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95950.676444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95148.843568                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           276                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2305375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158765174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67372016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229071387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21999010                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21999010                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2305375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158765174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89371026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251070397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2305375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158765174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89371026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251070397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.821309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.871658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.830574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.968421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.821309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.894262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.841287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.821309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.894262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82334.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78602.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81085.379980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82665.050307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81549.087576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79706.557971                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79706.557971                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82334.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78602.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81085.379980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81916.614115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81384.245381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82334.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78602.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81085.379980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81916.614115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81384.245381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3427                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               418.457712                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  8.035308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971201207220                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.329010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   418.128701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.816658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.817300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30480                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          30499                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           30499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30480                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          30499                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4614                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4616                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4614                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4616                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298314247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    298314247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298314247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    298314247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298314247                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    298314247                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.131475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.131454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.131475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.131454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.131475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.131454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64654.149762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64626.136698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64654.149762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64626.136698                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64654.149762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64626.136698                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          677                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          677                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233785965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233785965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233785965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233785965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233785965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233785965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.112184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.112184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.112184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59381.753874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59381.753874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59381.753874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59381.753874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59381.753874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59381.753874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          144                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.582286                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.986111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.123675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.458611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.007730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.591163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.598893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          536                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          536                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          155                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          155                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2870330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2870330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2870330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2870330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2870330                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2870330                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.224313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.224313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.224313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18883.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18518.258065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18883.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18518.258065                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18883.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18518.258065                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2389686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2389686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2389686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2389686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2389686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2389686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15721.618421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15721.618421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15721.618421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15721.618421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15721.618421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15721.618421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2486                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.334543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2486                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.106999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.064532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.270011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.766876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.833409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          355                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          355                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2499                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2502                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2499                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2502                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31624969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31624969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31624969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31624969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31624969                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31624969                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.875744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.875744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.875744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12655.049620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12639.875699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12655.049620                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12639.875699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12655.049620                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12639.875699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23916551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23916551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23916551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23916551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23916551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23916551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.875613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9570.448579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9570.448579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9570.448579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9570.448579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9570.448579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9570.448579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1274                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               355.217648                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   39756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 31.205651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.154959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   355.062689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.693482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.693784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34151                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34151                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20669                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20669                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        54820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           54820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        54820                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          54820                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2719                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2720                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          413                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          413                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3132                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3133                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    210965619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    210965619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32958178                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32958178                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    243923797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    243923797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    243923797                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    243923797                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        36871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        57953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        57953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.073771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019590                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019590                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77589.414858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77560.889338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79801.883777                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79801.883777                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77881.161239                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77856.302905                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77881.161239                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77856.302905                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          593                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              593                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96729369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96729369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30403168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30403168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127132537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127132537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127132537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127132537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3321613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3321613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7330647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7330647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10652260                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10652260                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018974                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018974                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69589.474101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69589.474101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76007.920000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76007.920000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71023.763687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71023.763687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71023.763687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71023.763687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  836327                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           48978                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        48978                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7363                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35229                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21606                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       202045                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                227908                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              48978                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21606                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                69957                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28200                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        163902                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           23                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1179                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35094                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4457                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             46                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       460402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.945526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.421328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          392218     85.19%     85.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3037      0.66%     85.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2763      0.60%     86.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3849      0.84%     87.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6236      1.35%     88.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4092      0.89%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6263      1.36%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3322      0.72%     91.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38622      8.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       460402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.058563                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.272511                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          199100                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       175129                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            63933                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1823                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20404                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        419109                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20404                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          204503                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         103862                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        58475                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60256                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12889                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        398411                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7899                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          126                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       437403                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       997028                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       996938                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284691                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          152701                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1354                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37382                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49624                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30431                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2089                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1179                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            369051                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2124                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           334950                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1566                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       109222                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       155420                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          972                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       460402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.727516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.493691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       337322     73.27%     73.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        40252      8.74%     82.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        26344      5.72%     87.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19956      4.33%     92.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14946      3.25%     95.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10660      2.32%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7891      1.71%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2536      0.55%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          495      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       460402                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            852     49.53%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           448     26.05%     75.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          420     24.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4151      1.24%      1.24% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259313     77.42%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44863     13.39%     92.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26613      7.95%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        334950                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.400501                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1720                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005135                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1134493                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       480499                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       319597                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        332505                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5602                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16450                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          129                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9303                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           22                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20404                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91374                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          961                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       371175                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5850                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49624                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30431                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1749                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           522                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           51                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          155                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1788                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6795                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8583                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       325021                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42573                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9929                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68085                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33866                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25512                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.388629                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                320454                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               319606                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208378                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           339577                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.382154                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613640                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       117984                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7525                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       440146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.575232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.541602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       355225     80.71%     80.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30381      6.90%     87.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16268      3.70%     91.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13135      2.98%     94.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8113      1.84%     96.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3460      0.79%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2295      0.52%     97.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2810      0.64%     98.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8459      1.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       440146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133851                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253186                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54298                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33171                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27935                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251143                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8459                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              802655                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             762973                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2587                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 375925                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                2041                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253186                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.248194                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.248194                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.160046                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.160046                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          644856                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         348847                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         139835                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003771                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003771469069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975274247478                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  30917                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    58761                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3195338486                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4551228                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6260.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   193548059                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     367861229                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           977856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        18240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       539072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      3929472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             6532416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       539072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         539072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3850560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          3850560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             15279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         8423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        61398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               102069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          60165                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               60165                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               48884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        26949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       196437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 326559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        26949                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             26949                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           192492                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                192492                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           192492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              48884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        26949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       196437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                519051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    45570                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   13.729361                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      15305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    45584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.335754                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.066172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        13.663189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.853949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.858085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           4096                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              4096                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          1702                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             1702                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            5798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               5798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           5798                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              5798                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        25892                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           26152                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        28252                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          44892                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         54144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            71044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        54144                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           71044                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11058000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1051102468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1062160468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2927278920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1904033000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4831311920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2938336920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   2955135468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5893472388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2938336920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   2955135468                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5893472388                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        29988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         30248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        29954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        46594                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        59942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          76842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        59942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         76842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.864586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943180                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.963472                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.903273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.924546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.903273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.924546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42530.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40595.646068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40614.884827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175918.204327                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67394.626929                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107620.776976                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173866.089941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54579.186392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82955.244468                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173866.089941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54579.186392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82955.244468                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21451600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1878                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11422.577210                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          32056                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               32056                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        25892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        28252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        44892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        54144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        54144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7869400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    728502504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    736371904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2726729992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1555265002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4281994994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2734599392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2283767506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5018366898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2734599392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2283767506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5018366898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.864586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943180                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.963472                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.903273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.924546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.903273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.924546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30266.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28136.200525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28157.383909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163865.985096                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55049.731063                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95384.366791                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161810.614911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42179.512153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70637.448595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161810.614911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42179.512153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70637.448595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1272775                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3152.772618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         6500935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1275994                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          5.094801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          736.487308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.369504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.365901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1479.897455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    896.652429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.179806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.361303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.218909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.769720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1042069                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        79753                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3725460                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       838813                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                5686095                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         1016759                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              1016759                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        77130                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               77130                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       198026                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               198026                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1042069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        79753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3725460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      1036839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 5884121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1042069                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        79753                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3725460                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1036839                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                5884121                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        14343                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3748                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       735952                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       316474                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1070517                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        15216                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             15216                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       147948                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             147948                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        14343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       735952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       464422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1218465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        14343                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3748                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       735952                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       464422                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1218465                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    336818624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     91817846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16565064818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9134261596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    26127962884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    413451673                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    413451673                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7714719343                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   7714719343                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    336818624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     91817846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16565064818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16848980939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     33842682227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    336818624                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     91817846                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16565064818                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16848980939                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    33842682227                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1056412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4461412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1155287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            6756612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1016759                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          1016759                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        92346                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           92346                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       345974                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           345974                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1056412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4461412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1501261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             7102586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1056412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4461412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1501261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            7102586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.044886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.164959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.273935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.158440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.164772                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.164772                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.427628                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.427628                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.044886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.164959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.309355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.171552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.044886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.164959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.309355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.171552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23483.136303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24497.824440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22508.349482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28862.597231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24406.864052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27172.165681                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27172.165681                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52144.803194                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52144.803194                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23483.136303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24497.824440                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22508.349482                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36279.463374                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27774.849690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23483.136303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24497.824440                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22508.349482                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36279.463374                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27774.849690                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              299957                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   299957                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                39                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        14335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       735940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       316465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1070478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        15216                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        15216                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       147948                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        147948                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        14335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       735940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       464413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1218426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        14335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       735940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       464413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1218426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    259553603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     71078274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12372317024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7375726560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20078675461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    752151162                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    752151162                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6884580897                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6884580897                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    259553603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     71078274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12372317024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14260307457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26963256358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    259553603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     71078274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12372317024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14260307457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26963256358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1852896156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1852896156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3819426182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3819426182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5672322338                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5672322338                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.044766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.164957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.273928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.164772                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164772                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.427628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.044766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.164957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.309349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.171547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.044766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.164957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.309349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18106.285525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19015.054575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16811.583857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23306.610715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18756.738075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49431.595820                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49431.595820                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46533.788203                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46533.788203                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18106.285525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19015.054575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16811.583857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30706.090176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22129.580588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18106.285525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19015.054575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16811.583857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30706.090176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22129.580588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         44397                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32312.145414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1281532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         76968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         16.650192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        20103.538060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.250855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.173709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.197470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   145.126540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    52.834155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5084.936279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   6921.088281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.613511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.155180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.211215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.986088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        14050                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3630                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       727516                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       275712                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                1020908                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          299957                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               299957                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3041                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                3041                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        88699                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                88699                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        14050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       727516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       364411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 1109607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        14050                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3630                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       727516                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       364411                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                1109607                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          285                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          108                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8424                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        40753                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                49570                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        19776                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             19776                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        51649                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              51649                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        92402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                101219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          285                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          108                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8424                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        92402                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               101219                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26649895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10079509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    788333843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2497944042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3323007289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    319416970                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    319416970                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4577495045                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   4577495045                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26649895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10079509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    788333843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7075439087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      7900502334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26649895                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10079509                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    788333843                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7075439087                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     7900502334                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        14335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       735940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       316465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1070478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       299957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           299957                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22817                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           22817                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       140348                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           140348                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        14335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       735940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       456813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1210826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        14335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         3738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       735940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       456813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1210826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.028892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.128776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.046306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.866722                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.866722                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.368007                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.368007                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.028892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.202275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.083595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.028892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.202275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.083595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93508.403509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93328.787037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93581.890195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61294.727799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67036.661065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16151.748078                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16151.748078                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88626.983001                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88626.983001                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93508.403509                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93328.787037                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93581.890195                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76572.358683                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78053.550559                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93508.403509                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93328.787037                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93581.890195                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76572.358683                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78053.550559                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               28109                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    28109                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        40753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           49570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        19776                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        19776                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        51649                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         51649                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        92402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           101219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        92402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          101219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22661439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8566790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    669584890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1924990909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2625804028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1078870111                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1078870111                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3833091816                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3833091816                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22661439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8566790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    669584890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5758082725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6458895844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22661439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8566790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    669584890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5758082725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6458895844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1652357244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1652357244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3395817760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3395817760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5048175004                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5048175004                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.028892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.128776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.866722                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.866722                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.368007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.368007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.028892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.202275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.083595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.028892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.202275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79513.821053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79322.129630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79485.385802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47235.563247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52971.636635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54554.516131                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54554.516131                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74214.250344                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74214.250344                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79513.821053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79322.129630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79485.385802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62315.563786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63811.101117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79513.821053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79322.129630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79485.385802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62315.563786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63811.101117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       480326                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       604992                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       6939                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       5854                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  4006                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  5849                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  434045                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     12793                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1085318                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           640                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   192094                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   241951                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            347                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            293                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                3893                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               4461455                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.996540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                14379250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               4461967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.222626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.996540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     14374987                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       14374987                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     14374987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        14374987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     14374987                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       14374987                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4685976                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      4685976                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4685976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       4685976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4685976                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      4685976                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  70639349922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  70639349922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  70639349922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  70639349922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  70639349922                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  70639349922                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19060963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19060963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19060963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     19060963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19060963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     19060963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.245842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.245842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.245842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.245842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.245842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.245842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15074.629047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15074.629047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15074.629047                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15074.629047                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15074.629047                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15074.629047                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       102369                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        34123                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       224405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       224405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       224405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       224405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       224405                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       224405                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4461571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4461571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4461571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4461571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4461571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4461571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  51756651985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51756651985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  51756651985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51756651985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  51756651985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51756651985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.234068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.234068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.234068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11600.544289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11600.544289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11600.544289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11600.544289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 11600.544289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11600.544289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        83574                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.284489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        108963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        83588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.303572                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972603093300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    14.284489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.892781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.892781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       108658                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       108658                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       108658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       108658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       108658                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       108658                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83787                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        83787                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        83787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83787                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        83787                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1512667568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1512667568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1512667568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1512667568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1512667568                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1512667568                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       192445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       192445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       192445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       192445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       192445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       192445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.435382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.435382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.435382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.435382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.435382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.435382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18053.726330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18053.726330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18053.726330                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18053.726330                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18053.726330                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18053.726330                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1096                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1096                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        83787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1255164608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1255164608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1255164608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1255164608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1255164608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1255164608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.435382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.435382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.435382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.435382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.435382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.435382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14980.421879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14980.421879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14980.421879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14980.421879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14980.421879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14980.421879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      1057454                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.383155                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        140813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1057469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.133160                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.383155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.961447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.961447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       140386                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       140386                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       140386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       140386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       140386                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       140386                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1058114                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1058114                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1058114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1058114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1058114                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1058114                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16855101768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16855101768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16855101768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  16855101768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16855101768                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  16855101768                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1198500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1198500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1198500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      1198500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1198500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      1198500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.882865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.882865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.882865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15929.381681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15929.381681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15929.381681                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15929.381681                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15929.381681                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15929.381681                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2476                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2476                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1058114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1058114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1058114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1058114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1058114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1058114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13624317536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13624317536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13624317536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13624317536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  13624317536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13624317536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.882865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12876.039383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12876.039383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12876.039383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12876.039383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12876.039383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12876.039383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1489396                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               509.041810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                39225375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1489906                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 26.327416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   509.041810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.994222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.994222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     24136200                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       24136200                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14975433                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      14975433                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     39111633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        39111633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     39111633                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       39111633                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1831780                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1831780                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       441302                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       441302                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2273082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2273082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2273082                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2273082                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43877015526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  43877015526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14069157894                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14069157894                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57946173420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  57946173420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57946173420                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  57946173420                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     25967980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25967980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15416735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15416735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     41384715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     41384715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     41384715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     41384715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028625                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028625                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23953.212463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23953.212463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31881.020014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31881.020014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25492.337461                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25492.337461                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25492.337461                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25492.337461                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1013187                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          1013187                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       674209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       674209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         6997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         6997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       681206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       681206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       681206                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       681206                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1157571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1157571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       434305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       434305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1591876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1591876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1591876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1591876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22075592313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22075592313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12397946762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12397946762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34473539075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34473539075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34473539075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34473539075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1933960010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1933960010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3978090325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3978090325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5912050335                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5912050335                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028171                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028171                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19070.616241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19070.616241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28546.636032                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28546.636032                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21655.919855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21655.919855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21655.919855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21655.919855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               320361667                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        23921320                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     23921320                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2998560                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     20285153                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        12580713                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    157875309                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             116934389                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           23921320                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     12580713                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             37943841                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       10771528                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            920815                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      66480274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       124062                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       130016                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         19060965                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2080136                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          36308                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    271031948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.828826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.275471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       234267384     86.44%     86.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         2810674      1.04%     87.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1806715      0.67%     88.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2875410      1.06%     89.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2338642      0.86%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         2587342      0.95%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         2711702      1.00%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         2046232      0.75%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        19587847      7.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    271031948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.074670                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.365007                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       155007348                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     72541404                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         35231382                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       694220                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       7557594                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     220028997                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          172                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       7557594                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       157182561                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       21811667                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     45724858                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         33737370                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      5017898                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     213437700                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        25404                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        392575                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      3167350                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        19264                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    235307545                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    535698337                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    531471442                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      4226895                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    180330656                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        54976881                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1231173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1243934                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         16017241                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     31567628                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19232192                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2814503                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1655006                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         204308001                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1672815                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        192638140                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       451363                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     40159398                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     56737142                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       471635                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271031948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.710758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.451065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    196793675     72.61%     72.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25864611      9.54%     82.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17445795      6.44%     88.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     11108509      4.10%     92.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8470023      3.13%     95.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5810278      2.14%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3506362      1.29%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1674802      0.62%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       357893      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271031948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         334060     31.15%     31.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     31.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     31.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        40742      3.80%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        411932     38.41%     73.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       285803     26.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1377174      0.71%      0.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    142471846     73.96%     74.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1137659      0.59%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.26% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29763490     15.45%     90.71% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17887971      9.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     192638140                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.601315                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1072537                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005568                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    655353554                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    244027724                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    186035221                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      2849892                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2161848                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1291754                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     190896332                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        1437171                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2930742                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      6717197                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        32762                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        53367                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3784380                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        43356                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       7557594                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       17546083                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       202203                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    205980816                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1601963                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31567628                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19232277                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1470890                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         82654                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         7403                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        53367                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1284361                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2038359                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      3322720                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    189448464                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     28954170                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      3189676                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            46457682                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        19087070                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          17503512                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.591358                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             187606417                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            187326975                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        121168066                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        189143380                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.584736                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.640615                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     43862043                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1201180                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      3009549                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    263619202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.614505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.588471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209454698     79.45%     79.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19552144      7.42%     86.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9317373      3.53%     90.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9655712      3.66%     94.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4905333      1.86%     95.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2024121      0.77%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1585385      0.60%     97.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1408509      0.53%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5715927      2.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    263619202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     85483287                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     161995252                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              40298333                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             24850429                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             161487                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          16976374                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           1046278                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        160382167                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      5715927                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           463483615                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          419285836                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                2308328                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               49329719                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59749808489                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           85483287                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            161995252                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     85483287                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.747653                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.747653                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.266834                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.266834                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       374766919                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      203354947                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          2286199                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         1217475                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       87187551                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1135868                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          949680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       563568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        72272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1142550704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       191112774                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1335254782                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1142550704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1142550704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet       825014                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    127995048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       131781470                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            30887                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        70446                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9034                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        142818838                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         30154857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           173084785                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           29226                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        18907265                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           18982763                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              47475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        28173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           57116764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            9553837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              66750152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      57116764                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         57116764                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             41243                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           6398546                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              6587831                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             88718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        28173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          57116764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          15952383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             73337983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      604992                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      480326                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      5854                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      6939                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 4375                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 6934                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 434045                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    12793                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1085318                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          640                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  241951                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  192094                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           293                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           347                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               3552                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072164738                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 106985693                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   203945632                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           202148359                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               782828                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     13928631                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  202148359                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      782828                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         517275408                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        228112029                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            1306096                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            638775                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    49095969                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  30163701                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 18932268                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59833152996.471260                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             239011741.528735                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.003979                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.996021                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
