
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  54442                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    96169                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               29374735                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489348                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    12.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      682749                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1206046                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       197504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              277056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          74816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3086                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4329                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8339066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    202917273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    536132454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              752079518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    202917273                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         203091004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8339066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    202917273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    536132454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             752079518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          2040                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1567.374769                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          2040                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.875980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          222.495392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.207516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.907586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.057604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.373497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    24.814281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     3.110317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    411.757602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    902.650975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.054320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.100527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.220374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.382660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2705                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          179                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          357                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          464                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   3708                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1022                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1022                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           41                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  41                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    3735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2705                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          179                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          357                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          491                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   3735                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1298                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2466                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3860                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          712                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                713                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1298                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3178                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4573                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5297602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1859671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    123604843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246260562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      377022678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       469229                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       469229                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73561585                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73561585                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5297602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1859671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    123604843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    319822147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       450584263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5297602                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1859671                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    123604843                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    319822147                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      450584263                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           70                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              70                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          739                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              740                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.784290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.841638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.510042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.414286                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.414286                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.963464                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.963514                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.784290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.866176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.550433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.784290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.866176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.550433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79068.686567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92983.550000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95227.151772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99862.352798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97674.268912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16180.310345                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16180.310345                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103316.832865                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103171.928471                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79068.686567                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92983.550000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95227.151772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100636.295469                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98531.437350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79068.686567                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92983.550000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95227.151772                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100636.295469                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98531.437350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 316                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      316                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          712                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           712                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4930067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1749410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116419039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    232589016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    355687532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1480880                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1480880                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69656755                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69656755                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4930067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1749410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116419039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    302245771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    425344287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4930067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1749410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116419039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    302245771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    425344287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.784290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.841638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.508853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.414286                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.414286                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.963464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.962162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.784290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.866176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.549230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.024170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.784290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.866176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.549230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 73583.089552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87470.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89691.093220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94318.335766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92362.381719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51064.827586                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51064.827586                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97832.521067                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97832.521067                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 73583.089552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87470.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89691.093220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95105.654814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93215.929652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 73583.089552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87470.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89691.093220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95105.654814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93215.929652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      2065.902134                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           88.547562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.327908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.445317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.517370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    553.752710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1380.311297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.002702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.042124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.063046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          130                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           88                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    240                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             316                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  316                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          130                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           92                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    244                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2378                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3620                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3086                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4329                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4469267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1646210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110313408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    223130271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      339559156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67167328                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67167328                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4469267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1646210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110313408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    290297599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       406726484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4469267                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1646210                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110313408                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    290297599                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      406726484                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          316                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              316                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          712                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              713                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.716418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.899846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.964315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.937824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.448276                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.448276                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994382                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.994390                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.716418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.899846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.971051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.946643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.716418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.899846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.971051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.946643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93109.729167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96835.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94446.410959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93831.064340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93800.871823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94869.107345                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94735.300423                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93109.729167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96835.882353                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94446.410959                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94069.215489                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93953.911758                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93109.729167                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96835.882353                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94446.410959                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94069.215489                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93953.911758                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3796938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93907055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    189674545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    288788526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57149092                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57149092                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3796938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93907055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246823637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    345937618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3796938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93907055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246823637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    345937618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.716418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.899846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.964315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.935492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.448276                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448276                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.716418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.899846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.971051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.944457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.716418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.850000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.899846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.971051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79102.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82940.470588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80399.875856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79762.214045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79974.667959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80719.056497                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80719.056497                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79102.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82940.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80399.875856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79981.735904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80096.693216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79102.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82940.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80399.875856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79981.735904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80096.693216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1147                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               348.901310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17029                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.846556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.402751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   348.498559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.680661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.681448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32136                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          32154                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           32154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32136                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          32154                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1992                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1993                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1992                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1993                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163723184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    163723184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163723184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    163723184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163723184                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    163723184                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        34147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        34147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.058365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.058365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82190.353414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82149.113899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82190.353414                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82149.113899                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82190.353414                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82149.113899                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          337                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          337                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129792872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129792872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129792872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129792872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129792872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129792872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78424.696073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78424.696073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78424.696073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78424.696073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78424.696073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78424.696073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          191                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.681717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.628272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019264551000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.513470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.168247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.094592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.573015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.667607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1242                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1242                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1242                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1242                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          232                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          228                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          232                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4308418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4308418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4308418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4308418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4308418                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4308418                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.155102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.157395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.155102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.157395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.155102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.157395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18896.570175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18570.767241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18896.570175                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18570.767241                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18896.570175                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18570.767241                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3576744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3576744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3576744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3576744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3576744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3576744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.155102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.154681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.155102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.154681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.155102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.154681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15687.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15687.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15687.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15687.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15687.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15687.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2788                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.274454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2788                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.693687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019124914300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.662067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.612387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.850774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.892153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2187                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2190                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2187                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2190                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2834                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2839                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2834                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2839                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33508363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33508363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33508363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     33508363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33508363                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     33508363                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.564429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.564526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.564429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.564526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.564429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.564526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11823.699012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11802.875308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11823.699012                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11802.875308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11823.699012                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11802.875308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           23                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           23                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24707271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24707271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24707271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24707271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24707271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24707271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.564429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.563532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.564429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.563532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.564429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.563532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8718.161962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8718.161962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8718.161962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8718.161962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8718.161962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8718.161962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3159                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               479.119198                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   39992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 12.659702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019081965300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.348616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   478.770582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.935099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.935780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        45303                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          45306                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21986                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21986                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        67289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           67292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        67289                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          67292                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7427                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7429                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          809                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          810                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          8239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         8239                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    705182953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    705182953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79946508                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79946508                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    785129461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    785129461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    785129461                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    785129461                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.140850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.140874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035490                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.109050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.109081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.109050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.109081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94948.559715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94922.998115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98821.394314                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98699.392593                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95328.977780                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95294.266416                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95328.977780                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95294.266416                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          999                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              999                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4498                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4498                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          807                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          807                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255735782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    255735782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76825883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76825883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    332561665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    332561665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    332561665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    332561665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035403                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035401                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87252.058001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87252.058001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95199.359356                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95199.359356                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88967.807651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88967.807651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88967.807651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88967.807651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106035                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           56594                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        56594                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6178                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        38130                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24338                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       154995                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                266335                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              56594                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24338                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                83797                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          30525                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              5522                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        483233                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1796                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            34128                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2790                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             73                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       753127                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.646369                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.040250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          671409     89.15%     89.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            9061      1.20%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5242      0.70%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3644      0.48%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5727      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5627      0.75%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5340      0.71%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3378      0.45%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           43699      5.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       753127                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051168                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.240802                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          159458                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       490913                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            74373                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4597                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         23784                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        468978                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            2                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         23784                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          168855                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         397547                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        62231                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69537                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31171                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        447888                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          425                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8514                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        18475                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          256                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       537580                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1168539                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1168539                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       334766                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          202665                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2140                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2124                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            74174                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        66279                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30199                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1848                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          943                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            422980                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2163                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           371010                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2293                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       141086                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       225265                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          686                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       753127                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.492626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.220962                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       603585     80.14%     80.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        55968      7.43%     87.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34652      4.60%     92.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22585      3.00%     95.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16348      2.17%     97.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10534      1.40%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6698      0.89%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2323      0.31%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          434      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       753127                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            807     33.98%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           836     35.20%     69.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          732     30.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3061      0.83%      0.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       280707     75.66%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        59430     16.02%     92.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27812      7.50%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        371010                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.335441                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2375                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006401                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1501250                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       566347                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       358131                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        370324                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4310                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21676                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           77                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          126                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7404                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         23784                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         358133                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4098                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       425143                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4145                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        66279                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30199                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2143                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2156                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           44                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          126                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1911                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5487                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7398                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       363280                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57261                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7730                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               84427                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37391                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27166                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328453                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                359132                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               358131                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           248920                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           397946                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.323797                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.625512                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       146878                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6421                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       729505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.381243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.313578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       637699     87.42%     87.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35842      4.91%     92.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13850      1.90%     94.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        15045      2.06%     96.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7139      0.98%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3474      0.48%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2928      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2276      0.31%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11252      1.54%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       729505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       156299                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        278119                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 67383                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44588                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30715                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           277741                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11252                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1142308                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             874036                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2110                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 352908                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             156299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               278119                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       156299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.076405                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.076405                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.141315                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.141315                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          727994                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         417643                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         168389                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.094195                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1094194831545                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6113962101150                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24678                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    46091                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31560069                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4666468                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 34670.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   855608756                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1597969222                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        24960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3536064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       146240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       962880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     11136000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15844736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       962880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         962880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11860224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11860224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       174000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               247574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         185316                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              185316                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        22811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3231658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       133651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       879990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     10177347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               14480726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       879990                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            879990                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         10839225                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              10839225                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         10839225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        22811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3231658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       133651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       879990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     10177347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              25319951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   105235                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.473696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      55046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   105249                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.523007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020572780000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.115541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.358155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.967106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18672                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18672                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8067                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8067                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26739                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26739                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103856                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103883                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99472                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           205083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203328                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          205083                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1093000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4606322197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4607415197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    123351784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6707698000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6831049784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    124444784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11314020197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11438464981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    124444784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11314020197                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11438464981                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109267                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924985                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.926172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40481.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44352.971393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44351.965163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71384.134259                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67433.026379                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67500.491937                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 70908.708832                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55644.181800                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55774.808156                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 70908.708832                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55644.181800                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55774.808156                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       274200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  29                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9455.172414                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56793                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56793                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       752200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3322416118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3323168318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    102552300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5478775509                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5581327809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    103304500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8801191627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8904496127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    103304500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8801191627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8904496127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924985                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.926172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27859.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31990.603509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31989.529740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59347.395833                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55078.569939                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55151.460563                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 58862.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43285.684347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43418.987078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 58862.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43285.684347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43418.987078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      31053125                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3587.267905                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        50948355                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      31056662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.640497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          448.806409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    58.080969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    35.865602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2416.736525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    627.778400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.109572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.590024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.153266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.875798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17560540                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4390300                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19387885                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5274962                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               46613687                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         6925377                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              6925377                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1169983                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1169983                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1094126                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1094126                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17560540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4390300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19387885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      6369088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                47707813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17560540                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4390300                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19387885                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6369088                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               47707813                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       523016                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       314575                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     20896248                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6739445                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             28473284                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks             2                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                  2                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        79408                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             79408                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2003874                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            2003874                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       523016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       314575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     20896248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8743319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              30477158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       523016                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       314575                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     20896248                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8743319                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             30477158                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11676966885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6770780493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 460871911291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 167507121199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   646826779868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2191842041                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2191842041                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  58719787637                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  58719787637                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11676966885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6770780493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 460871911291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 226226908836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    705546567505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11676966885                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6770780493                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 460871911291                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 226226908836                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   705546567505                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18083556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4704875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40284133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12014407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           75086971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      6925379                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          6925379                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1249391                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1249391                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3098000                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3098000                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18083556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4704875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40284133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15112407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            78184971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18083556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4704875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40284133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15112407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           78184971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.518722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.560947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.379204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000000                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000000                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063557                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.063557                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.646828                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.646828                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.518722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.578552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.389808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.518722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.578552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.389808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22326.213510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21523.581000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22055.247013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24854.735249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22716.971455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27602.282402                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27602.282402                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29303.133649                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29303.133649                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22326.213510                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21523.581000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22055.247013                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25874.259973                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23150.011806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22326.213510                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21523.581000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22055.247013                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25874.259973                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23150.011806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             4378059                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  4378059                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              2222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               2222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          793                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1425                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              2222                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       522223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     20896247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6739442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28471062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        79408                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        79408                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2003874                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2003874                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       522223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     20896247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8743316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         30474936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       522223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     20896247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8743316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        30474936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8862235580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5044564869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 342329291700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 130415763607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 486651855756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3317474991                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3317474991                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47458499441                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47458499441                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8862235580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5044564869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 342329291700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 177874263048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 534110355197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8862235580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5044564869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 342329291700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 177874263048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 534110355197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10262155238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10262155238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15377298693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15377298693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  25639453931                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25639453931                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.518722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.560947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063557                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063557                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.646828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.646828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.518722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.578552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.389780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.066559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.518722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.578552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16970.213070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16109.100651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16382.333713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19351.121889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17092.859260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41777.591565                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41777.591565                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23683.375023                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23683.375023                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16970.213070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16109.100651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16382.333713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20344.027718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17526.217453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16970.213070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16109.100651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16382.333713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20344.027718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17526.217453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        192314                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32348.679069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        32537298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        224807                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        144.734363                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        19029.514427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.066744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   447.016355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   139.009320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5538.674214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   7194.379477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.580735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.169027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.219555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       519938                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       312547                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     20881194                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6586847                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               28300526                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4378061                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              4378061                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29361                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               29361                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1819905                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1819905                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       519938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       312547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     20881194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      8406752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                30120431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       519938                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       312547                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     20881194                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      8406752                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               30120431                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2285                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          603                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15053                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       152595                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               170536                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        70718                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             70718                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       163298                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             163298                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       315893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                333834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2285                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          603                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15053                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       315893                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               333834                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    211929332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55994553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1408555316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9067374542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10743853743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1796504602                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1796504602                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14712966595                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  14712966595                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    211929332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55994553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1408555316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23780341137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     25456820338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    211929332                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55994553                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1408555316                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23780341137                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    25456820338                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       522223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     20896247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6739442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           28471062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4378061                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          4378061                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       100079                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          100079                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1983203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1983203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       522223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     20896247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8722645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            30454265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       522223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     20896247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8722645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           30454265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.005990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.706622                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.706622                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082341                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.082341                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.010962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.010962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92748.066521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92859.955224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93573.062911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59421.177247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63000.502785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25403.781244                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25403.781244                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90098.878094                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90098.878094                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92748.066521                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92859.955224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93573.062911                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75279.734394                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76255.924615                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92748.066521                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92859.955224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93573.062911                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75279.734394                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76255.924615                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              128523                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   128523                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       152595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          170536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        70718                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        70718                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       163298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        163298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       315893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           333834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       315893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          333834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    179893749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     47508493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1196203147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6916774320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8340379709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3509267678                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3509267678                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12377196549                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12377196549                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    179893749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     47508493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1196203147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19293970869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20717576258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    179893749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     47508493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1196203147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19293970869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20717576258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9143216903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9143216903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13694368658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13694368658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  22837585561                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  22837585561                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.706622                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.706622                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78728.117724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78786.887231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79466.096260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45327.660277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48906.856670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49623.401086                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49623.401086                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75795.150884                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75795.150884                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78728.117724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78786.887231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79466.096260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61077.551161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62059.515382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78728.117724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78786.887231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79466.096260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61077.551161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62059.515382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                33890242                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         45699                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20765209                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 13125034                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22850                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22850                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               21521                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              40284146                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               136708955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              40284658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.393574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    136687174                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      136687174                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    136687174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       136687174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    136687174                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      136687174                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44342292                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     44342292                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44342292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      44342292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44342292                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     44342292                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 963292639456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 963292639456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 963292639456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 963292639456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 963292639456                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 963292639456                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    181029466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    181029466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    181029466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    181029466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    181029466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    181029466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.244945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.244945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.244945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21724.015517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21724.015517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21724.015517                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21724.015517                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21724.015517                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21724.015517                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       319049                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39881.125000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4058140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4058140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4058140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4058140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4058140                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4058140                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40284152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     40284152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40284152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     40284152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40284152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     40284152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 750000917949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 750000917949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 750000917949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 750000917949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 750000917949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 750000917949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.222528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.222528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.222528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18617.766062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18617.766062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18617.766062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18617.766062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18617.766062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18617.766062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4706557                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995279                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4349239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4706573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.924078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4348799                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4348799                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4348799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4348799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4348799                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4348799                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4707268                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4707268                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4707268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4707268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4707268                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4707268                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  78735959984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78735959984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  78735959984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  78735959984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  78735959984                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  78735959984                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9056067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9056067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9056067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9056067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9056067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9056067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.519792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.519792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.519792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16726.466389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16726.466389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16726.466389                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16726.466389                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16726.466389                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16726.466389                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        31190                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        31190                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4707268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4707268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4707268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4707268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4707268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4707268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64269285005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  64269285005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64269285005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  64269285005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64269285005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  64269285005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13653.202878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13653.202878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13653.202878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13653.202878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13653.202878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13653.202878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     18086663                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.984786                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5345955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     18086679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.295574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.984786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5345817                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5345817                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5345817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5345817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5345817                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5345817                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18097590                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     18097590                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18097590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     18097590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18097590                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     18097590                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 279656775957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 279656775957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 279656775957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 279656775957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 279656775957                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 279656775957                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23443407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23443407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23443407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     23443407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23443407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     23443407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.771969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.771969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.771969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15452.708121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15452.708121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15452.708121                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15452.708121                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15452.708121                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15452.708121                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        20677                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        20677                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18097590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     18097590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18097590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18097590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18097590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18097590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 224314801143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 224314801143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 224314801143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 224314801143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 224314801143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 224314801143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.771969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.771969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.771969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.771969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12394.733285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12394.733285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12394.733285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12394.733285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12394.733285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12394.733285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              15071080                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.831064                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               283075006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              15071592                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 18.782024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.831064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    183163576                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      183163576                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98477491                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98477491                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    281641067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       281641067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    281641067                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      281641067                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18776062                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     18776062                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4360432                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4360432                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     23136494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      23136494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     23136494                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     23136494                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 523107080046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 523107080046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 114867334411                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 114867334411                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 637974414457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 637974414457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 637974414457                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 637974414457                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    201939638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    201939638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102837923                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102837923                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304777561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304777561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304777561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304777561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.092979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.092979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042401                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042401                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27860.319168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27860.319168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26343.108759                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26343.108759                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27574.377278                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27574.377278                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27574.377278                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27574.377278                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      6873512                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          6873512                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6756235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6756235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        35881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        35881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6792116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      6792116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6792116                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      6792116                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12019827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12019827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4324551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4324551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16344378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16344378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16344378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16344378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 290541480916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 290541480916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  98910598939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  98910598939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 389452079855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 389452079855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 389452079855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 389452079855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10715692925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10715692925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15978489809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15978489809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26694182734                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26694182734                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042052                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042052                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24171.852134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24171.852134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22871.877089                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22871.877089                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23827.892371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23827.892371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23827.892371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23827.892371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3246692848                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       233021498                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    233021498                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     42808571                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    198564081                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       104200723                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1429136826                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1066837412                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          233021498                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    104200723                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            332530047                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      156385081                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          85094979                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     403284332                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       714360                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2065666                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        181029474                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     29569485                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1193039                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2364884673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.843577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.291194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2040982172     86.30%     86.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        20237886      0.86%     87.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14815565      0.63%     87.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26724923      1.13%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22992004      0.97%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27857995      1.18%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19816171      0.84%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16900245      0.71%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       174557712      7.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2364884673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.071772                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.328592                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1492860351                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    446617473                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        306985474                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6362968                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     112058407                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1931470844                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          896                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     112058407                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1514621615                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      149408020                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    250586696                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        290454441                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     47755494                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1849708905                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       692610                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7416523                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     31936088                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       242116                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2009086254                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4600748652                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4600664068                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        84584                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1203147515                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       805938745                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6214197                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6245782                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        147269356                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    260751636                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    160884460                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16752954                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15008666                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1712533265                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      8995423                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1545748564                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7853027                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    580216078                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    772794995                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3327403                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2364884673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.653625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.429236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1789798989     75.68%     75.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    195700518      8.28%     83.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    124001280      5.24%     89.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     85436400      3.61%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     69996974      2.96%     95.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49598377      2.10%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36977132      1.56%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11106311      0.47%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2268692      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2364884673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4553372     41.74%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4168187     38.21%     79.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2186736     20.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18557208      1.20%      1.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1146998186     74.20%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    237502905     15.36%     90.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    142690265      9.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1545748564                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.476099                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10908295                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.007057                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5482000306                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2302131624                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1468727119                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        40196                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        22064                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20073                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1538079557                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20094                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     23899412                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     96462949                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       516620                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       432013                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     58018107                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       198748                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     112058407                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       83692735                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1937249                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1721528688                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30396408                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    260751636                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    160884460                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7934062                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        942324                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        74648                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       432013                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14169081                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33785758                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     47954839                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1498395233                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    226094007                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     47353331                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           363047948                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       158003561                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         136953941                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.461514                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1471718508                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1468747192                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        923194022                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1422520383                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.452383                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648985                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    638178704                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5668020                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43046195                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2253730154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.480643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.434210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1896301017     84.14%     84.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    128532846      5.70%     89.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57906648      2.57%     92.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63597934      2.82%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33516639      1.49%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14997283      0.67%     97.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     12100158      0.54%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7775636      0.35%     98.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     39001993      1.73%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2253730154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    586129474                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1083239259                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             267155050                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164288691                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             578039                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125394579                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1078670449                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     39001993                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3934852380                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3555370641                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               24425336                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              881808175                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            27452877                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          586129474                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1083239259                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    586129474                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.539208                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.539208                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.180531                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.180531                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2868945705                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1580065499                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20073                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      706104566                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5313508                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       943536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        83992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2839470152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       511742544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3355002760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2839470152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2839470152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    356975528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       364539964                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        354933769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         81053337                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           436223968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122509                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51490363                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51671688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2518045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       862311                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        76761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2595031589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          467688687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3066184068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2595031589                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2595031589                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3440177                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3473067                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         326244941                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            333158185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3446852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           5991112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       862311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        76761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2595031589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         793933628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3399342253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               33890242                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        45699                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                13125034                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20765209                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22850                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22850                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21405                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3285861788                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 268074828                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   512237851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           510531566                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36567054                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  510531566                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1316613950                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        564958749                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   132758917                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81136066                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51622851                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2686743367.500494                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             599118420.499506                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.182332                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.817668                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
