
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  98015                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   174427                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               54016877                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      529239                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        941835                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       123584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        66688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              283456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       123584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         123776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6363355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    423711674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    228641929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              971837910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    423711674                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         424369952                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6363355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    423711674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    228641929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1277278950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.518746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001367601000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.518746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.594922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.594922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       947000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       947000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247059824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    247059824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    248006824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    248006824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    248006824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    248006824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43045.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43045.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175468.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175468.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173431.345455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173431.345455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173431.345455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173431.345455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1576000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 138                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11420.289855                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       667600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       667600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230094092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230094092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230761692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230761692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230761692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230761692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30345.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30345.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163419.099432                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163419.099432                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161371.812587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161371.812587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161371.812587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161371.812587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           107                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1824.803981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              35                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.327103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           63.436000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.295714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.039926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.242723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1220.654799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    503.134872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.015487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.298011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.122836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.445509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2385                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2114                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          520                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5099                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             496                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  496                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2385                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           77                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2114                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          601                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5180                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          812                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2813                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1045                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3048                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3065373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201331850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85583300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      290606907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24112856                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24112856                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3065373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201331850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109696156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       314719763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3065373                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       626384                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201331850                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109696156                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      314719763                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          496                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              496                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              316                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.480334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.609610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.355536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.742038                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.743671                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.480334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.634872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.370442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.480334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.634872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.370442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102179.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104397.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103035.747185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105398.152709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103308.534305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103488.652361                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102607.897872                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102179.100000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104397.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103035.747185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104972.398086                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103254.515420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102179.100000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104397.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103035.747185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104972.398086                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103254.515420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   3                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        3                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2902473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    190542274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81135340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    275173471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        94519                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        94519                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22821556                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22821556                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2902473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    190542274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103956896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    297995027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2902473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       593384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    190542274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103956896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    297995027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3821950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3821950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7503965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7503965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11325915                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11325915                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.480334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.609610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.742038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.480334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.634872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.368862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.480334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.634872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.368862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96749.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98897.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97513.958035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99920.369458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98206.092434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        94519                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94519                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97946.592275                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97946.592275                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96749.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98897.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97513.958035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99480.283254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98186.170346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96749.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98897.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97513.958035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99480.283254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98186.170346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1797.929490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.535140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.167926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.243013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1238.028664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    519.954840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.037782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     26                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               3                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    3                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           23                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     26                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1931                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          810                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2787                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1931                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1043                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3022                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2785573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    183634594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78283005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      265276156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22034678                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     22034678                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2785573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    183634594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100317683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       287310834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2785573                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572984                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    183634594                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100317683                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      287310834                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                3                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.990757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.991470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.991470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96054.241379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95497.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95098.184360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96645.685185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95183.407248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94569.433476                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93764.587234                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96054.241379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95497.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95098.184360                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96181.862895                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95073.075447                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96054.241379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95497.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95098.184360                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96181.862895                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95073.075447                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2384373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    156483563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66961555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226318379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18721097                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18721097                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2384373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    156483563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85682652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    245039476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2384373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    156483563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85682652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245039476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.987205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.988229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82219.758621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81481.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81037.577939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82668.586420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81526.793588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80348.055794                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80348.055794                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82219.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81481.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81037.577939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82150.193672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81435.518777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82219.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81481.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81037.577939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82150.193672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81435.518777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3558                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               433.424443                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   19135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.378021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          15001495387000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.368032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   433.056411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.845813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.846532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22512                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          22526                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           22526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22512                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          22526                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4757                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4760                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4757                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4760                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293928169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    293928169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293928169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    293928169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293928169                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    293928169                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        27286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        27286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.174448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.174448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.174448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61788.557704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61749.615336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61788.557704                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61749.615336                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61788.557704                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61749.615336                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227435275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227435275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227435275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    227435275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    227435275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    227435275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55908.376352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55908.376352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55908.376352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55908.376352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55908.376352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55908.376352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           73                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.355773                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs            86                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           73                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.178082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.257419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.098354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.016089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.631147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.647236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          198                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          201                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          198                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          201                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           86                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1707551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1707551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1707551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1707551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1707551                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1707551                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.295374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.299652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.295374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.299652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.295374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.299652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20572.903614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19855.244186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20572.903614                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19855.244186                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20572.903614                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19855.244186                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1449513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1449513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1449513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1449513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1449513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1449513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.295374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.289199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.295374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.289199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.295374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.289199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17464.012048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17464.012048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17464.012048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17464.012048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17464.012048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17464.012048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2407                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.870007                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.105110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.824098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.864006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.866875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          342                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          342                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          342                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          342                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2417                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2423                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2417                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2423                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32977420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32977420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32977420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32977420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32977420                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32977420                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.876311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.876311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.876311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13643.947042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13610.160957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13643.947042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13610.160957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13643.947042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13610.160957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25567135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25567135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25567135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25567135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25567135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25567135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.876042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.874141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10578.045097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10578.045097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10578.045097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10578.045097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10578.045097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10578.045097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1159                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               365.066291                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   26562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.918033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      2.203274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   362.863018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.004303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.708717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.713020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        28910                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          28911                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15537                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15540                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        44447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           44451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        44447                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          44451                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2545                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2547                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          327                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          329                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2872                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2876                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    194393286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194393286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27711135                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27711135                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222104421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    222104421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222104421                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    222104421                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        31455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15864                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15869                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        47327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        47327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.080909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020613                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76382.430648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76322.452297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84743.532110                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84228.373860                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77334.408426                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77226.850139                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77334.408426                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77226.850139                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          496                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              496                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94186628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94186628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25653646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25653646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119840274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119840274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119840274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119840274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3987550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3987550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7791284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7791284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11778834                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11778834                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019793                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019787                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70604.668666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70604.668666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81699.509554                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81699.509554                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72718.612864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72718.612864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72718.612864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72718.612864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  778050                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           40918                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        40918                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6285                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        30414                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16585                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       178656                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                193618                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              40918                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16585                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                57429                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        146147                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           27                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          307                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            27269                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3929                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             25                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       402259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.895657                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.368410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          345994     86.01%     86.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2736      0.68%     86.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2089      0.52%     87.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2863      0.71%     87.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4593      1.14%     89.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4125      1.03%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5473      1.36%     91.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2140      0.53%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           32246      8.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       402259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.052590                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.248850                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          176354                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       153626                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            51027                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3176                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18071                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        346965                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18071                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          180863                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          85416                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        55579                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            49716                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12609                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        330411                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3539                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7486                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          126                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       365830                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       823399                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       823309                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       230932                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          134887                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          955                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          960                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            32218                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        42438                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24019                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2092                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1189                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            307522                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1636                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           275228                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1583                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        97765                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       144645                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          800                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       402259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.684206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.447929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       300026     74.59%     74.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        33978      8.45%     83.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        21377      5.31%     88.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17410      4.33%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12094      3.01%     95.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9142      2.27%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5854      1.46%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1968      0.49%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          410      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       402259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            642     46.29%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           388     27.97%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          357     25.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3011      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       213740     77.66%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        37807     13.74%     92.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        20660      7.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        275228                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.353741                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1387                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005039                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       956564                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       407016                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       262503                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        273590                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4352                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15201                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          124                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          144                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8110                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           38                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18071                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          73903                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          954                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       309158                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4891                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        42438                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24019                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1229                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           541                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          144                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1208                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6150                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7358                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       267370                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        35887                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7858                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               55563                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           27758                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             19676                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.343641                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                263230                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               262512                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           173313                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           275152                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.337397                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629881                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       105867                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          836                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6326                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       384259                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.529055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.486091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       316256     82.30%     82.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24532      6.38%     88.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12517      3.26%     91.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10488      2.73%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6240      1.62%     96.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3467      0.90%     97.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1818      0.47%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2467      0.64%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6474      1.68%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       384259                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       110912                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        203294                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 43145                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                27236                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22658                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           201443                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6474                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              686807                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             636499                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2617                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 375791                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97803                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             110912                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               203294                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       110912                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.015021                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.015021                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.142551                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.142551                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          520079                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         288860                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         115761                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           674                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.097210                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 97209524169                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15099042488355                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  44019                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    80285                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               47626705                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4596320                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2041.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    89846869                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     163866812                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1650688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1130752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       108800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      6056192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     19472448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            28497728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      6056192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        6056192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11915456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11915456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        25792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             17668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1700                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        94628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       304257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               445277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         186179                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              186179                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     16980723                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            11632111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1119232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       811114                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     62300398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    200314199                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              293157777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     62300398                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          62300398                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        122574985                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             122574985                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        122574985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     16980723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           11632111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1119232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       811114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     62300398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    200314199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             415732762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    44911                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.820768                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    44925                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.011931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.764076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        10.056692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.297755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.628543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.926298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             55                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                55                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              60                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 60                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             60                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                60                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet         2155                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total            2560                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        17676                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          43596                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         19831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            46156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        19831                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           46156                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     17566000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet    125014965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142580965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4569618760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1702887000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6272505760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4587184760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1827901965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6415086725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4587184760                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1827901965                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6415086725                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet         2210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total          2615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        17681                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        43601                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        19891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          46216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        19891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         46216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.975113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.978967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999717                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999885                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.998702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43372.839506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 58011.584687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55695.689453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176297.020062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 96338.934148                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143878.010827                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174252.032669                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 92173.968282                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138987.059646                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174252.032669                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 92173.968282                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138987.059646                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     32326500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2912                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11101.133242                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          42983                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               42983                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         2155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        25920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        17676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        43596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        19831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        19831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     12458900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     98360635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110819535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4257230904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1489516500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5746747404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4269689804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1587877135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5857566939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4269689804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1587877135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5857566939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.975113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999885                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.996984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30762.716049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 45642.986079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43288.880859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164245.019444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 84267.735913                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131818.226535                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162191.445546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 80070.452070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126908.027970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162191.445546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 80070.452070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126908.027970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          405                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1658880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          405                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1250110                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4039.085800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2752881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1254108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.195091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  15051788185600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          909.555744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.112371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.239610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.003011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.012573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    79.514864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    37.416066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1641.046974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1371.184587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.222060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.009135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.400646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.334762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.986105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       384457                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53682                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       751806                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       821526                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                2011471                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          916204                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               916204                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        35926                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               35926                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        79132                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                79132                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       384457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       751806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       900658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 2090603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       384457                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        53682                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       751806                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       900658                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                2090603                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17875                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12372                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       556783                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       478196                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1065226                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4157                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4157                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       177286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             177286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       556783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       655482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1242512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17875                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12372                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       556783                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       655482                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1242512                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    544379125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    377032939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19947073554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26524069541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    47392555159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    204163437                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    204163437                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13086673949                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13086673949                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    544379125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    377032939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19947073554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39610743490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     60479229108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    544379125                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    377032939                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19947073554                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39610743490                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    60479229108                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        66054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1308589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1299722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            3076697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       916204                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           916204                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        40083                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           40083                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       256418                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           256418                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        66054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1308589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1556140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             3333115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        66054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1308589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1556140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            3333115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.187301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.425483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.367922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.346224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.103710                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.103710                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.691395                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.691395                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.187301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.425483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.421223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.372778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.187301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.425483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.421223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.372778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30454.776224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30474.696007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35825.579362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55466.941465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44490.610592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49113.167428                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49113.167428                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73816.736510                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73816.736510                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30454.776224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30474.696007                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35825.579362                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60429.948481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48674.965802                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30454.776224                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30474.696007                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 35825.579362                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60429.948481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48674.965802                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              333063                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   333063                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                45                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       556778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       478196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1065181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4157                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4157                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       177286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        177286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       556778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       655482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1242467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       556778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       655482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1242467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    446696037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    308825852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16802335689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23878019028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41435876606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    299564242                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    299564242                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12097887208                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12097887208                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    446696037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    308825852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16802335689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35975906236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53533763814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    446696037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    308825852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16802335689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35975906236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53533763814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    257790409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    257790409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    413649588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    413649588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    671439997                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    671439997                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.186999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.425480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.367922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.103710                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103710                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.691395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.691395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.186999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.425480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.421223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.372765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.044379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.186999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.425480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.421223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.372765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25017.980230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25002.092940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30177.801007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49933.539862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38900.315163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72062.603320                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72062.603320                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68239.382737                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68239.382737                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25017.980230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25002.092940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30177.801007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54884.659283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43086.668551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25017.980230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25002.092940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30177.801007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54884.659283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43086.668551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        374651                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30759.788770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          995955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        406774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.448423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8618.022420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.485207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.555433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.784509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.273766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   140.995620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    90.639379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9568.611722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12338.420713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.263001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.292011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.376539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.938714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16155                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11120                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       462147                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       284894                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 774316                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          333063                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               333063                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          878                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 878                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        64214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                64214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       462147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       349108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  838530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16155                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11120                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       462147                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       349108                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 838530                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1700                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1232                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94631                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       193302                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               290865                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3736                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3736                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       112615                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             112615                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       305917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                403480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1700                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1232                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94631                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       305917                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               403480                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    159446296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    115610596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8847886283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18033845284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    27156788459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101322708                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    101322708                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10645843540                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10645843540                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    159446296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    115610596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8847886283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28679688824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     37802631999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    159446296                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    115610596                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8847886283                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28679688824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    37802631999                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       556778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       478196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1065181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       333063                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           333063                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4614                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            4614                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       176829                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           176829                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       556778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       655025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1242010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       556778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       655025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1242010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.095211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.169962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.404232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.273066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.809710                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.809710                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.636858                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.636858                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.095211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.169962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.467031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.324861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.095211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.169962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.467031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.324861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93791.938824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93839.769481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93498.814162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93293.630092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93365.611053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27120.639186                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27120.639186                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94533.086534                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94533.086534                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93791.938824                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93839.769481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93498.814162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93749.902176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93691.464258                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93791.938824                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93839.769481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93498.814162                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93749.902176                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93691.464258                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              143197                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   143197                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       193302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          290865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3736                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3736                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       112615                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        112615                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       305917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           403480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        94631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       305917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          403480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    135621123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     98307536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7514216055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15314887702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23063032416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    265570087                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    265570087                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9049343994                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9049343994                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    135621123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     98307536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7514216055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24364231696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32112376410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    135621123                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     98307536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7514216055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24364231696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32112376410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    229962332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    229962332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    369005554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    369005554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    598967886                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    598967886                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.095211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.169962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.404232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.273066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.809710                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809710                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.636858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.636858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.095211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.169962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.467031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.324861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.095211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.099741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.169962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.467031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79777.131176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79795.077922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79405.438546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79227.776753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79291.191501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71084.070396                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71084.070396                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80356.471110                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80356.471110                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79777.131176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79795.077922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79405.438546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79643.274797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79588.520893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79777.131176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79795.077922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79405.438546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79643.274797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79588.520893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                        30065                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1031458                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        432                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        769                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   769                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                87359588                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1201                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061523                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         12355                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  2474243                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 84885345                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           4444                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           7911                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 498                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1308589                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.997815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                12088426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1309101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  9.234143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.997815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12083505                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       12083505                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12083505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        12083505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12083505                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       12083505                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1458870                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1458870                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1458870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1458870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1458870                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1458870                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37276860806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37276860806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37276860806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  37276860806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  37276860806                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  37276860806                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13542375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13542375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13542375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     13542375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13542375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     13542375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.107726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.107726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.107726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.107726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.107726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.107726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25551.872892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25551.872892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25551.872892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25551.872892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25551.872892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25551.872892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5063320                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 32457.179487                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       150274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       150274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       150274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       150274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       150274                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       150274                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1308596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1308596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1308596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1308596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1308596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1308596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  27747331166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27747331166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  27747331166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27747331166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  27747331166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27747331166                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.096630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21203.894224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21203.894224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21203.894224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21203.894224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21203.894224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21203.894224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        67911                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.702903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        349051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        67926                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.138695                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002272851300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.702903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.981431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.981431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       348633                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       348633                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       348633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       348633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       348633                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       348633                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71059                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        71059                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        71059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71059                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        71059                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1173189581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1173189581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1173189581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1173189581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1173189581                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1173189581                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       419692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       419692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       419692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       419692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       419692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       419692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.169312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.169312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.169312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16510.077274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16510.077274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16510.077274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16510.077274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16510.077274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16510.077274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         9033                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         9033                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    941201258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    941201258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    941201258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    941201258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    941201258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    941201258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13245.349048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13245.349048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13245.349048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13245.349048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13245.349048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13245.349048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       413238                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.876949                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1778289                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       413254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.303138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.876949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.992309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.992309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1777737                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1777737                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1777737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1777737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1777737                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1777737                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       416373                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       416373                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       416373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       416373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       416373                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       416373                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6108748556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6108748556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6108748556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6108748556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6108748556                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6108748556                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2194110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2194110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2194110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2194110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2194110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2194110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.189769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.189769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.189769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14671.336893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14671.336893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14671.336893                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14671.336893                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14671.336893                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14671.336893                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       119777                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       119777                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       416373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       416373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       416373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       416373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       416373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       416373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4772414861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4772414861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4772414861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4772414861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4772414861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4772414861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.189769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11461.873995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11461.873995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11461.873995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11461.873995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11461.873995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11461.873995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1556862                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.694369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                24535024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1557374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.754099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.694369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     15677983                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       15677983                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8805112                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8805112                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     24483095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        24483095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     24483095                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       24483095                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2262185                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2262185                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       298981                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       298981                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2561166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2561166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2561166                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2561166                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  92547097892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  92547097892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16015473808                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16015473808                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108562571700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 108562571700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108562571700                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 108562571700                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17940168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17940168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9104093                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9104093                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     27044261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     27044261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     27044261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     27044261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.126096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.126096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032840                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032840                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.094703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.094703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.094703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.094703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40910.490474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40910.490474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53566.861466                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53566.861466                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42387.948185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42387.948185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42387.948185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42387.948185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       787394                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           787394                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       959933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       959933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       963343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       963343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       963343                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       963343                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1302252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1302252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       295571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       295571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1597823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1597823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1597823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1597823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38209296385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38209296385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14820758570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14820758570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  53030054955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53030054955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  53030054955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53030054955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    269062122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    269062122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    430017348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    430017348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    699079470                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    699079470                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032466                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032466                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29340.938916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29340.938916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50142.803489                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50142.803489                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33188.942051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33188.942051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33188.942051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33188.942051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               244320842                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        18744855                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18744855                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2065499                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14491585                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        10266749                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     67063412                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              88234070                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           18744855                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     10266749                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             27598582                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        8495622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2098870                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      92249734                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        31528                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       301745                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1185                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         13542486                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1312988                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          31501                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    195612229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.823282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.250428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       168912875     86.35%     86.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1563802      0.80%     87.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1558259      0.80%     87.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2438104      1.25%     89.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2236459      1.14%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1840479      0.94%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1840903      0.94%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1915039      0.98%     93.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        13306309      6.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    195612229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.076722                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.361140                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        69691780                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     93664322                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         24568643                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1420311                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       6267173                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     156832076                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          495                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       6267173                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        71999657                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       69926289                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     14121083                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         23523193                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9774834                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     152153365                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       131767                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       2709350                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      5963856                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       233724                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    170684428                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    395631416                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    393956332                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1675084                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    123184564                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        47499983                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       421027                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       421166                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         21534591                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     25114092                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     12131070                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3736655                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2278502                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         145555802                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       512905                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        132951983                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       405982                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     35306908                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     55241419                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       169199                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    195612229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.679671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.330685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    138751478     70.93%     70.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21870685     11.18%     82.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14990321      7.66%     89.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8197215      4.19%     93.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5909680      3.02%     96.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3280499      1.68%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1919643      0.98%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       591726      0.30%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       100982      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    195612229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         302105     45.11%     45.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     45.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     45.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6243      0.93%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        243839     36.41%     82.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117571     17.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       885642      0.67%      0.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     97630921     73.43%     74.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       429633      0.32%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22919250     17.24%     91.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     11086537      8.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     132951983                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.544170                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             669758                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005038                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    462115853                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180568028                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128666306                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1112406                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       892345                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       515092                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     132182120                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         553979                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      4383365                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      6359979                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        38990                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        90215                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3025140                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        24115                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       6267173                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       50944541                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       764266                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146068707                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1308349                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     25114092                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     12131070                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       485526                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        353861                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        31532                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        90215                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       992601                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1279771                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2272372                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    130708183                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22341686                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2243800                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            33217048                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        14240062                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          10875362                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.534986                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             129450984                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            129181398                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         87812466                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        141937294                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.528737                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.618671                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     37585094                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       343706                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2103304                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    189392871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.572764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.616237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    154472618     81.56%     81.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13994493      7.39%     88.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5008940      2.64%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5559092      2.94%     94.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2247302      1.19%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1266554      0.67%     96.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       727834      0.38%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       829515      0.44%     97.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5286523      2.79%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    189392871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     60158817                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     108477420                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              27860052                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             18754126                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              10427                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          12564263                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            409508                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        107931300                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      5286523                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           330033680                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          298421081                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 981400                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               48708613                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            47599523                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           60158817                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            108477420                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     60158817                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.061264                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.061264                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.246229                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.246229                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       265127762                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      143054472                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           849731                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          444197                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63456108                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        392893                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1019416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2104808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       366896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       302830472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        49066572                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          355403420                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    302830472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     302830472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet        49937                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     34162629                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        42064598                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            17244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       263101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        45862                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         37853809                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          7768075                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            45949998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet            1750                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         4686368                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            4810806                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       156939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet           10486791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     21652282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      3774280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3115234588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          504750665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3656055546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3115234588                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3115234588                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     80774308                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            513705                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         351432941                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            432720954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     80931247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          11000496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     21652282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      3774280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3115234588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         856183607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           4088776500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1031458                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                       30065                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       769                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       432                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                   660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  432                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               87359588                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1201                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061523                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        12355                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                84885345                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 2474243                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          7911                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          4444                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                275                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      291921139                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  28620665                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    53499625                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            53066048                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               390245                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4485008                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   53066048                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      390245                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         137627534                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         60224818                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             652835                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            326050                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    12439303                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   7761663                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  4677640                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             229184269.303704                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             62736869.696296                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.214910                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.785090                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
