
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  62278                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   110856                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               34226076                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490644                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      530719                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        944701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        67072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              285632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1048                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6802207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    429416751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    229958485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              979298395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    429416751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         430075029                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6802207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    429416751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    229958485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1284739436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.621821                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001365722000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.621821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.601364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.601364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    248058824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    248058824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249006824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    249006824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249006824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    249006824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176178.142045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176178.142045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1685400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10803.846154                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       668600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       668600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231092800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231092800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231761400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231761400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231761400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231761400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30390.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30390.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164128.409091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164128.409091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           617                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1662.422880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.547812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           48.333445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.038444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.586370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.024645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.218966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.537535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.540269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1125.567753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    454.575454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.005900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.137398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.055490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.202932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2526                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           81                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1631                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4556                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             367                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  367                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   42                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           81                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2526                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           81                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1631                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          357                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4598                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          864                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3085                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                237                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1099                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3322                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3348624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       646272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    208070305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     87451186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      299516387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24175507                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24175507                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3348624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       646272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    208070305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111626693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       323691894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3348624                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       646272                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    208070305                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111626693                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      323691894                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          367                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              367                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              279                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.079545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.732824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.403743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.848375                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.849462                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.079545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.754808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.419444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.079545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.754808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.419444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 90503.351351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92324.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96062.006002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101216.650463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97087.969854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102874.497872                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102006.358650                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 90503.351351                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92324.571429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96062.006002                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101571.149227                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97438.860325                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 90503.351351                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92324.571429                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96062.006002                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101571.149227                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97438.860325                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  23                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       23                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           235                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3146834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       607873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    196074234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82717541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    282546482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22872773                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22872773                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3146834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       607873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    196074234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105590314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    305419255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3146834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       607873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    196074234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105590314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    305419255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3833471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3833471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7501971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7501971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11335442                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11335442                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.079545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.732824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.402303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.848375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.842294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.079545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.754808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.417803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.079545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.754808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.417803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 85049.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        86839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90523.653740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95737.894676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91914.925830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97330.948936                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97330.948936                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 85049.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        86839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90523.653740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96078.538672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92299.563312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 85049.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        86839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90523.653740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96078.538672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92299.563312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1823.739206                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            3.773989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.536753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.250782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1258.578710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    521.599066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          209                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           47                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    263                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              23                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   23                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           49                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          209                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           49                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    265                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          817                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2822                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          231                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1048                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3055                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2950634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186173841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79085856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268782804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21859839                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21859839                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2950634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186173841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100945695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       290642643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2950634                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572473                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186173841                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100945695                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      290642643                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           23                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               23                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.837838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.857143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.903509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.945602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.914749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991416                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.991489                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.837838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.857143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.903509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.955333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.920181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.837838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.857143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.903509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.955333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.920181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95181.741935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95412.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95132.264180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96800.313341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95245.501063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94631.337662                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93819.051502                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95181.741935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95412.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95132.264180                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96322.228053                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95136.708020                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95181.741935                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95412.166667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95132.264180                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96322.228053                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95136.708020                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2520534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158664191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67662415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229335547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18571480                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18571480                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2520534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158664191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86233895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247907027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2520534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158664191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86233895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247907027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3414416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3414416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10126016                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10126016                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.837838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.903509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.945602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.837838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.903509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.955333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.916265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.837838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.903509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.955333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.916265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81307.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81401.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81075.212570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82818.133415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81585.039843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80396.017316                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80396.017316                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81307.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81401.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81075.212570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82284.250954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81494.749178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81307.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81401.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81075.212570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82284.250954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81494.749178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3286                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               455.665940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   19649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.979610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          15001369098300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      1.024115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   454.641825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.002000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.887972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.889973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23221                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          23235                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           23235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23221                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          23235                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4477                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4480                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4477                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4480                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293879723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    293879723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293879723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    293879723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    293879723                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    293879723                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        27715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        27715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.161645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.161645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.161636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.161645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65642.109225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65598.152455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65642.109225                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65598.152455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65642.109225                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65598.152455                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          680                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229015133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229015133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229015133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229015133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229015133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229015133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.137086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60314.757177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60314.757177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60314.757177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60314.757177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60314.757177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60314.757177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           79                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.457359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           79                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.531646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.252506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.204853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.015782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.637803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.653585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          229                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          232                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          229                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          232                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           91                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1790861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1790861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1790861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1790861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1790861                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1790861                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.277603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.281734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.277603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.281734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.277603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.281734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20350.693182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19679.791209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20350.693182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19679.791209                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20350.693182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19679.791209                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           88                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1517317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1517317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1517317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1517317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1517317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1517317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.277603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.277603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.277603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17242.238636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17242.238636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17242.238636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17242.238636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17242.238636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17242.238636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2555                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.881722                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           200                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.078278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.835916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.864745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.867608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          306                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          306                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          306                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          306                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2565                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2571                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2565                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2571                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32405971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32405971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32405971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32405971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32405971                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32405971                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.893417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.893639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.893417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.893639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.893417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.893639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12633.906823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12604.422793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12633.906823                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12604.422793                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12633.906823                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12604.422793                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24521136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24521136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24521136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24521136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24521136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24521136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.893417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.891554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.893417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.891554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.893417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.891554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9559.897076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9559.897076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9559.897076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9559.897076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9559.897076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9559.897076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   948                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               422.032665                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   17651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   948                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 18.619198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          15001439262300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      3.264755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   418.767910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.006376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.817906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.824283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29888                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          29889                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15829                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15832                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        45717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           45721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        45717                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          45721                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2282                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2284                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          293                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          295                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2575                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2579                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    193428378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    193428378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27184986                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27184986                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    220613364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    220613364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    220613364                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    220613364                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        32170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        32173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        48292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        48300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        48292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        48300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018174                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84762.654689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84688.431699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92781.522184                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92152.494915                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85675.092816                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85542.211710                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85675.092816                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85542.211710                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          367                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              367                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94101943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94101943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25173784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25173784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119275727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119275727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119275727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119275727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      4000371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      4000371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7787418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7787418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11787789                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11787789                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017492                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017486                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79815.049194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79815.049194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89268.737589                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89268.737589                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81639.785763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81639.785763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81639.785763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81639.785763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  778563                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           41675                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        41675                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6429                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        30660                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16600                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       175039                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                197501                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              41675                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16600                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                58561                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          25185                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1710                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        148939                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           26                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          347                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            27698                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3902                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             31                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       403144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.912518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.389489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          345782     85.77%     85.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2820      0.70%     86.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2136      0.53%     87.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2914      0.72%     87.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4591      1.14%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4132      1.02%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5475      1.36%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2184      0.54%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           33110      8.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       403144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.053528                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.253674                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          172906                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       156494                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            51886                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3331                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18522                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        353819                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18522                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          177412                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          86977                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        56907                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            50734                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12587                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        336679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3277                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7670                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       372558                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       838967                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       838877                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       234058                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          138500                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1016                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1016                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            32288                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        43646                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24666                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2146                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1133                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            313484                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1756                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           280162                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1489                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       101203                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       149265                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          897                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       403144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.694943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.461243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       299636     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        34058      8.45%     82.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        21614      5.36%     88.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17857      4.43%     92.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12176      3.02%     95.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9232      2.29%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6009      1.49%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2109      0.52%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          453      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       403144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            667     46.64%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           402     28.11%     74.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          361     25.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2988      1.07%      1.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       217308     77.57%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        38721     13.82%     92.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21135      7.54%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        280162                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.359845                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1430                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005104                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       967301                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       416533                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       266967                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        278590                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4425                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15882                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          123                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          143                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8499                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           36                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18522                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          75436                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          973                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       315240                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4979                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        43646                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24666                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1304                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           559                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          143                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1238                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6301                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7539                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       271927                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        36671                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8235                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               56787                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           28099                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20116                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.349268                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                267705                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               266976                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           176009                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           279208                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.342909                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.630387                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       109078                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          859                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6476                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       384694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.535906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.493968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       315730     82.07%     82.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24833      6.46%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12711      3.30%     91.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10679      2.78%     94.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6342      1.65%     96.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3492      0.91%     97.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1863      0.48%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2490      0.65%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6554      1.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       384694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       112392                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        206160                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 43931                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                27764                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22987                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           204312                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6554                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              693238                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             649126                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2495                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 375419                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97290                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             112392                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               206160                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       112392                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.927210                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.927210                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.144358                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.144358                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          528839                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         293630                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         117836                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           705                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.093564                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 93564067275                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15095397031461                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31771                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    58023                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               34740485                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4594496                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2693.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    85565891                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     156268482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1974208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            80064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       115904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        83456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      5668032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     18142784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            26064448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      5668032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        5668032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10020480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         10020480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        88563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       283481                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               407257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         156570                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              156570                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     21100066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              855713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1238766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       891966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     60579154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    193907603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              278573268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     60579154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          60579154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        107097525                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             107097525                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        107097525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     21100066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             855713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1238766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       891966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     60579154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    193907603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             385670793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    48704                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.967820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       1353                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    48719                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.027772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.943921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        10.023900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.308995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.626494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.935489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            982                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               982                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           248                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              248                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            1230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               1230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           1230                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              1230                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        16230                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16715                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1518                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          32558                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         17748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        17748                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49273                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     21074000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1778843447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1799917447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5478636120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    126489000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5605125120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5499710120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1905332447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7405042567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5499710120                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1905332447                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7405042567                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        17212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         17697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32806                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        18978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          50503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        18978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         50503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.944510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.859570                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.992440                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.975645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.975645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43451.546392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109602.184042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107682.766796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176502.452320                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 83326.086957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172158.152221                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174455.515305                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 107354.769382                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150286.009924                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174455.515305                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 107354.769382                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150286.009924                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     53186297                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                5369                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9906.183088                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          32186                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               32186                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        16230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32558                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        17748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        17748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49273                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     14976200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1583459835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1598436035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5104574572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    107921500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5212496072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5119550772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1691381335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6810932107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5119550772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1691381335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6810932107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.859570                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992440                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30878.762887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97563.760628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95628.838468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164451.500387                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 71094.532279                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160098.779778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162396.535194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 95299.827304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 138228.484302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162396.535194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 95299.827304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 138228.484302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          485                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1986560                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          485                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        999361                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      6431.759457                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2707450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1005457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.692756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1397.629382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.003320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.031576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   102.291277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    49.492507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2644.334215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   2237.977180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.170609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.006042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.322795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.273191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.785127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       364572                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        47877                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       584490                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       954142                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1951081                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          921852                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               921852                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        28463                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               28463                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        52088                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                52088                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       364572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        47877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       584490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      1006230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 2003169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       364572                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        47877                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       584490                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1006230                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                2003169                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17362                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10150                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       422340                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       381440                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               831292                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks             1                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                  1                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4158                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4158                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       157049                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             157049                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       422340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       538489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                988341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17362                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10150                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       422340                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       538489                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               988341                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    530151295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    329016326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16434308475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23430517395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    40723993491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    194197758                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    194197758                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12788838365                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  12788838365                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    530151295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    329016326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16434308475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36219355760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     53512831856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    530151295                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    329016326                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16434308475                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36219355760                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    53512831856                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       381934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1006830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1335582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            2782373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       921853                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           921853                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        32621                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           32621                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       209137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           209137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       381934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1006830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1544719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             2991510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       381934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1006830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1544719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            2991510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.174919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.419475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.285598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.298771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000001                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000001                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.127464                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.127464                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.750938                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.750938                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.174919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.419475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.348600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.330382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.174919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.419475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.348600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.330382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30535.151192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32415.401576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38912.507636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61426.482265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48988.795142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46704.607504                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46704.607504                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81432.154073                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81432.154073                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30535.151192                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32415.401576                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38912.507636                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67261.087525                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54144.097893                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30535.151192                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32415.401576                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38912.507636                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67261.087525                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54144.097893                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              268657                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   268657                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                40                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       422336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       381440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          831252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4158                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4158                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       157049                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        157049                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       422336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       538489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           988301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       422336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       538489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          988301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    434906150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    272751985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  14045304283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  21315537058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36068499476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    298273905                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    298273905                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11914949111                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11914949111                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    434906150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    272751985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  14045304283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33230486169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  47983448587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    434906150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    272751985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  14045304283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33230486169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  47983448587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    188865457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    188865457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    304922266                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    304922266                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    493787723                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    493787723                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.174522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.419471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.285598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.127464                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127464                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.750938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.750938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.174522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.419471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.348600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.330369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.045424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.174522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.419471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.348600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.330369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25068.081734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26933.147526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33256.232675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55881.756129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43390.571663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71734.945887                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71734.945887                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75867.717152                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75867.717152                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25068.081734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26933.147526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33256.232675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61710.612787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48551.452024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25068.081734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26933.147526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33256.232675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61710.612787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48551.452024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        348049                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30604.867171                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          724863                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        380282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          1.906120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         7863.166675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.131117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.164281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.757160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.239376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   164.906781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   106.228174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9310.131026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13154.142581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.239965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.284123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.401433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.933986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15538                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         8823                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       333770                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       196788                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 554919                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          268658                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               268658                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1044                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1044                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        42345                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                42345                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         8823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       333770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       239133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  597264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        15538                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         8823                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       333770                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       239133                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 597264                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1811                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1304                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        88566                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       184652                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               276333                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7158                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7158                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       110660                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             110660                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        88566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       295312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                386993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1811                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1304                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        88566                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       295312                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               386993                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    170030494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    122060166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8286583623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17224524728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    25803199011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102641212                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    102641212                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10465804519                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10465804519                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    170030494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    122060166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8286583623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27690329247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     36269003530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    170030494                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    122060166                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8286583623                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27690329247                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    36269003530                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       422336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       381440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             831252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       268658                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           268658                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         8202                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            8202                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       153005                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           153005                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       422336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       534445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              984257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       422336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       534445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             984257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.104386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.128765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.484092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.332430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.872714                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.872714                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.723244                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.723244                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.104386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.128765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.552558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.393183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.104386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.128765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.552558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.393183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93887.627830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93604.421779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93563.936759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93281.008210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93377.189880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14339.370215                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14339.370215                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94576.220125                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94576.220125                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93887.627830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93604.421779                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93563.936759                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93766.353033                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93720.050569                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93887.627830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93604.421779                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93563.936759                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93766.353033                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93720.050569                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              124385                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   124385                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        88566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       184652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          276333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7158                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7158                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       110660                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        110660                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        88566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       295312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           386993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        88566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       295312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          386993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    144643774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    103756552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7038700204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14626082784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21913183314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    546855967                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    546855967                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8895125703                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8895125703                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    144643774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    103756552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7038700204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23521208487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30808309017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    144643774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    103756552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7038700204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23521208487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30808309017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    166453350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    166453350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    269637764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    269637764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    436091114                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    436091114                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.104386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.128765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.484092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.872714                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.872714                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.723244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.104386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.128765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.552558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.393183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.104386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.128765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.552558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.393183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79869.560464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79567.907975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79474.066843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79208.905314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79299.914646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76397.871892                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76397.871892                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80382.484213                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80382.484213                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79869.560464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79567.907975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79474.066843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79648.671530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79609.473600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79869.560464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79567.907975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79474.066843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79648.671530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79609.473600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1031231                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        30298                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        761                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        439                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                    660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   439                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                90763818                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1200                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061529                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         12825                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 88173251                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  2590567                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           8133                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           4692                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 286                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1006830                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999204                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                11081925                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1007342                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.001155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11074064                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11074064                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11074064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        11074064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11074064                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       11074064                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1126261                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1126261                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1126261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1126261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1126261                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1126261                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29951821882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  29951821882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29951821882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  29951821882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29951821882                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  29951821882                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12200325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12200325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12200325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     12200325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12200325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     12200325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.092314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.092314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26594.032717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26594.032717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26594.032717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26594.032717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26594.032717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26594.032717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4193605                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            129                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 32508.565891                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       119426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       119426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       119426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       119426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       119426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       119426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1006835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1006835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1006835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1006835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1006835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1006835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22267195105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22267195105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22267195105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22267195105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  22267195105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22267195105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.082525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.082525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.082525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22116.032026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22116.032026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22116.032026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22116.032026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22116.032026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22116.032026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        59515                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.683719                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        304726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        59529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.118950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002256823300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.683719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.980232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.980232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       304163                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       304163                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       304163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       304163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       304163                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       304163                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62667                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        62667                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        62667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62667                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        62667                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1015990905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1015990905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1015990905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1015990905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1015990905                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1015990905                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       366830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       366830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       366830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       366830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       366830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       366830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.170834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.170834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.170834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16212.534588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16212.534588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16212.534588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16212.534588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16212.534588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16212.534588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         8214                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         8214                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    810997684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    810997684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    810997684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    810997684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    810997684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    810997684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.170834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12941.383567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12941.383567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12941.383567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12941.383567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12941.383567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12941.383567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       399588                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.866118                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1695858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       399604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.243846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.866118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.991632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.991632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1695306                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1695306                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1695306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1695306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1695306                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1695306                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402714                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       402714                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       402714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402714                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       402714                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6093976616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6093976616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6093976616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6093976616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6093976616                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6093976616                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2098020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2098020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2098020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2098020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2098020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2098020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.191950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.191950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.191950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15132.269094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15132.269094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15132.269094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15132.269094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15132.269094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15132.269094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       129415                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       129415                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       402714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       402714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       402714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4803272475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4803272475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4803272475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4803272475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4803272475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4803272475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.191950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11927.254764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11927.254764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11927.254764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11927.254764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11927.254764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11927.254764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1545596                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.918941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                21755744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1546108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.071296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.119505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.799436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13928360                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13928360                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7761490                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7761490                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     21689850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        21689850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     21689850                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       21689850                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2208687                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2208687                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       243667                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       243667                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2452354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2452354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2452354                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2452354                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  89127979570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  89127979570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15099780950                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15099780950                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104227760520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 104227760520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104227760520                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 104227760520                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16137047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16137047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8005157                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8005157                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24142204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24142204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24142204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24142204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.136871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.136871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030439                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030439                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40353.377174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40353.377174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61968.920494                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61968.920494                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42501.107312                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42501.107312                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42501.107312                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42501.107312                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       784224                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           784224                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       871151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       871151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       873470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       873470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       873470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       873470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1337536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1337536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       241348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       241348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1578884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1578884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1578884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1578884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38022584249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38022584249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14122153926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14122153926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52144738175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52144738175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52144738175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52144738175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    197673651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    197673651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    318497981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    318497981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    516171632                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    516171632                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030149                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030149                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28427.335226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28427.335226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58513.656322                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58513.656322                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33026.326301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33026.326301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33026.326301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33026.326301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               222530030                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17156998                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17156998                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1857392                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13136207                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9376701                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     56083637                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              79637742                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17156998                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9376701                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             25026393                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        7617121                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           1845151                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      91681404                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        19553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       263768                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1010                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         12200420                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1138650                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          26586                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    180539465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.806030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.227523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       156344818     86.60%     86.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1417281      0.79%     87.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1443454      0.80%     88.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2180714      1.21%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2106956      1.17%     90.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1677550      0.93%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1704112      0.94%     92.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1682923      0.93%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        11981657      6.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    180539465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.077100                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.357874                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        58765106                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     92641485                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         22135549                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1378776                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5618549                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     141512426                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          367                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5618549                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        60899834                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       71220367                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     12140686                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         21212407                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9447622                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     137155709                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       154642                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       2967234                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      5459226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       189963                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    154553028                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    357198907                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    355557529                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1641378                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    111497638                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        43055501                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       382683                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       382355                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         20201826                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22428465                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10578283                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3026805                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1899276                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         131101900                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       465871                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        119695900                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       391480                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     31767381                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     49787121                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       155757                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    180539465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.662990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316845                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    129118901     71.52%     71.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19990266     11.07%     82.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13486302      7.47%     90.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7434169      4.12%     94.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5225238      2.89%     97.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2927121      1.62%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1705465      0.94%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       554848      0.31%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        97155      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    180539465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         255444     43.37%     43.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     43.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     43.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6382      1.08%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     44.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        217929     37.00%     81.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       109250     18.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       837204      0.70%      0.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88289962     73.76%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       422214      0.35%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20441465     17.08%     91.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      9705055      8.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     119695900                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.537887                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             589005                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004921                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    420426406                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162526979                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115817440                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1089563                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       877777                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       504865                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     118904815                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         542886                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3780382                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5626039                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        33641                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        74315                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2572100                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        21314                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5618549                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       52086683                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       863734                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    131567771                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1186868                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22428465                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10578283                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       441233                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        407776                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        27707                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        74315                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       899501                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1143834                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2043335                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117650109                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19925353                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2045791                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            29447989                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        12993152                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           9522636                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.528693                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             116557616                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            116322305                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         78981890                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        128335884                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.522726                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.615431                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     33729258                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       310114                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1890470                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    174964806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.559149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.600798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    143594953     82.07%     82.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12511895      7.15%     89.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4445464      2.54%     91.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5007906      2.86%     94.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2104177      1.20%     95.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1125978      0.64%     96.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       636106      0.36%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       764994      0.44%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4773333      2.73%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    174964806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     54250226                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      97831397                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              24808624                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             16802438                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars               9449                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          11479428                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            399772                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         97307575                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4773333                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           301623476                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          268767356                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 853627                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               41990565                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            58442790                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           54250226                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps             97831397                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     54250226                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.101919                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.101919                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.243788                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.243788                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       239346809                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      129337767                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           834794                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          436211                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       57010521                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        358219                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           52378                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2129776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       391624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       320045896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        52366487                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          375001377                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    320045896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     320045896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1053311                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     36443183                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        45348526                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       266222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        48953                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         40005737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          8257285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            48582322                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           17677                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         5006398                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            5146763                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       162627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             559809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     22762756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      4185624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3420606920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          559685876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            4007963612                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3420606920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3420606920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     83921448                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet          11257644                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         389499773                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            484678866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     84084074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          11817453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     22762756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      4185624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3420606920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         949185650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           4492642477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       30298                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1031231                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       439                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       761                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  761                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               90763818                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1200                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061529                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        12825                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 2590567                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                88173251                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          4692                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          8133                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                428                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      280973720                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  30246640                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    56544156                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            56105608                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               380897                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4678097                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   56105608                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      380897                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         145313888                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         63571178                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             636971                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            317719                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    13257020                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   8258071                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  4998949                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             214666164.859533                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             66307555.140467                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.235992                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.764008                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
