
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  33333                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    59870                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               17583474                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490164                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    16.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549699                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987324                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        57344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              255552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        56256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            56256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          896                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3993                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            879                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 879                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    197755614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6179863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    432369696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    241235364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              881292596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    432369696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         432811115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        194003554                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             194003554                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        194003554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    197755614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6179863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    432369696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    241235364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1075296150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      895                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.315260                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971063322000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.315260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.519704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.519704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              15                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          896                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            896                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             911                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       640000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       640000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    159021888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    159021888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    159661888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    159661888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    159661888                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    159661888                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177479.785714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177479.785714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175260.030735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175260.030735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175260.030735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175260.030735                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       995500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         9955                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            881                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 881                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       456500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       456500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    148228900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    148228900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    148685400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    148685400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    148685400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    148685400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30433.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30433.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165434.040179                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165434.040179                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163211.196487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163211.196487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163211.196487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163211.196487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           14                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        57344                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           14                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           211                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1686.457870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              58                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.274882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           78.470871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.601729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.091680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.486758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1111.442641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    461.364255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.019158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.271348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.112638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.411733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2426                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          131                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1620                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          561                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4738                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             594                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  594                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           98                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   98                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2426                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          131                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1620                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          659                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4836                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          825                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2859                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1106                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3140                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2954927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204597279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86331918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      294716769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28904774                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28904774                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2954927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204597279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115236692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       323621543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2954927                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       832645                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204597279                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115236692                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      323621543                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          594                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              594                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          379                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              379                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.550998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.595238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.376333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741425                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.741425                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.550998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.626629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.393681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.550998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.626629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.393681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105533.107143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92516.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102916.136318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104644.749091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103083.864638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102863.964413                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102863.964413                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105533.107143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92516.111111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102916.136318                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104192.307414                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103064.185669                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105533.107143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92516.111111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102916.136318                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104192.307414                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103064.185669                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  12                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       12                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          281                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           281                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2802027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193622320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81817617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279024505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27343774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27343774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2802027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193622320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109161391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    306368279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2802027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       782541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193622320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109161391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    306368279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3182312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3182312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7061689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7061689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10244001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10244001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.550998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.595238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.741425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.550998                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.626629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.392553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.064286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.550998                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.626629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100072.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        86949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97395.533199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99172.869091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97903.335088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97308.804270                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97308.804270                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100072.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        86949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97395.533199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98699.268535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97849.977324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100072.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        86949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97395.533199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98699.268535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97849.977324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1665.143485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.331600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.717295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.969137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1141.831476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    485.294053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     41                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              12                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   12                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      41                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           29                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     41                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          814                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2818                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3098                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2704327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186531788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78798829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268775785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26306509                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26306509                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2704327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186531788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105105338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       295082294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2704327                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740841                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186531788                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105105338                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      295082294                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           12                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               12                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              280                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.986667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.985659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.986939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.986939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96583.107143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92605.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95217.860133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96804.458231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95378.206175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93951.817857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93951.817857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96583.107143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92605.125000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95217.860133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96074.349177                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95249.287928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96583.107143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92605.125000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95217.860133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96074.349177                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95249.287928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2316597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159008343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67434155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229387921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22310831                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22310831                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2316597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159008343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89744986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251698752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2316597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       628826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159008343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89744986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251698752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.986667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.984071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82735.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81168.117917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82842.942260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81661.773229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79681.539286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79681.539286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82735.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81168.117917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82033.808044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81482.276465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82735.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78603.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81168.117917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82033.808044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81482.276465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3098                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               437.127147                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3098                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  8.862492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971066706300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.823400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   436.303748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.852156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.853764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31067                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31086                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31067                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31086                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4238                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4240                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4238                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4240                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    288696972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    288696972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    288696972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    288696972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    288696972                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    288696972                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68121.041057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68088.908491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68121.041057                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68088.908491                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68121.041057                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68088.908491                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          630                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          630                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225627516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225627516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225627516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225627516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225627516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225627516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.102195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62535.342572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62535.342572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62535.342572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62535.342572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62535.342572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62535.342572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          132                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.597999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.818182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.329847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.268152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.579259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          408                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          408                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          408                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          408                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          143                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          143                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2519029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2519029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2519029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2519029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2519029                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2519029                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.255474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.259528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.255474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.259528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.255474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.259528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17993.064286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17615.587413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17993.064286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17615.587413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17993.064286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17615.587413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2081737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2081737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2081737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2081737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2081737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2081737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.255474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.255474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.255474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14869.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14869.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14869.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14869.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14869.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14869.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2442                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.350529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           249                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2442                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.101966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.064477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.286052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.767878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.834408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          333                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          333                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          333                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          333                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2455                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2458                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2455                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2458                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30998307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30998307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30998307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30998307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30998307                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30998307                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.880688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.880688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.880688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12626.601629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12611.190806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12626.601629                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12611.190806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12626.601629                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12611.190806                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23429637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23429637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23429637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23429637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23429637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23429637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9543.640326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9543.640326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9543.640326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9543.640326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9543.640326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9543.640326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1274                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               351.214046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   40098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 31.474097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.494475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   350.719570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.684999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.685965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34205                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34205                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20693                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20693                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        54898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           54898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        54898                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          54898                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2734                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2735                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          392                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          392                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3126                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3127                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    209339437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    209339437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32658284                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32658284                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    241997721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    241997721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    241997721                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    241997721                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        36940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        58025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        58025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.074039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018591                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018591                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76568.923555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76540.927605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83311.948980                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83311.948980                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77414.498081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77389.741286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77414.498081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77389.741286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          594                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              594                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1360                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1360                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     95418446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95418446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30266651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30266651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125685097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125685097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125685097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125685097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3321586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3321586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7327340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7327340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10648926                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10648926                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017975                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017975                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68794.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68794.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79859.237467                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79859.237467                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71169.364100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71169.364100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71169.364100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71169.364100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  819310                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           48982                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        48982                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7308                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35697                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21633                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       195441                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                228182                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              48982                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21633                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                70045                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28037                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2315                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        166111                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           23                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          845                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35305                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4367                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             46                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       455117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.957853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.434173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          386797     84.99%     84.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3012      0.66%     85.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2824      0.62%     86.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3871      0.85%     87.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6284      1.38%     88.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4070      0.89%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6318      1.39%     90.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3260      0.72%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38681      8.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       455117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.059784                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.278505                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          192494                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       176434                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            64086                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1753                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20337                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        419419                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20337                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          197877                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         106642                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        57052                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60360                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12836                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        398656                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2865                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7923                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       437213                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       996820                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       996730                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284772                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          152430                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1361                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37202                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49580                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30536                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2352                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1183                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            368957                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2191                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           335259                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1492                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       109367                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       153912                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1039                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       455117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.736644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.501878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       332173     72.99%     72.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        40055      8.80%     81.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        26242      5.77%     87.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        20025      4.40%     91.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14929      3.28%     95.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10740      2.36%     97.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7932      1.74%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2531      0.56%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          490      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       455117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            886     50.92%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           431     24.77%     75.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          423     24.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4091      1.22%      1.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259476     77.40%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44944     13.41%     92.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26738      7.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        335259                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.409197                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1740                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005190                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1129750                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       480627                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       320133                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        332894                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5675                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16403                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          135                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          166                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9405                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           24                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20337                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93653                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          931                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       371148                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6111                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49580                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30536                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1763                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           484                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           48                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          166                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1808                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6645                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8453                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       325484                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42716                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9775                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68355                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33907                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25639                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.397266                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                320957                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               320142                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208713                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           340280                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.390746                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613357                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       117890                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7422                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       434928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.582299                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.550052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       350050     80.48%     80.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30292      6.96%     87.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16284      3.74%     91.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13161      3.03%     94.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8138      1.87%     96.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3412      0.78%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2310      0.53%     97.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2805      0.64%     98.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8476      1.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       434928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133890                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253258                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54304                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33174                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27944                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251212                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8476                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              797398                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             762881                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2331                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 364193                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                2316                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253258                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.119277                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.119277                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.163418                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.163418                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          645314                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         349081                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         140104                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003778                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003778287910                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975281066319                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  34562                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    65226                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1494106063                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4583440                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 13388.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   462731571                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     873277999                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          2583552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        26560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         9024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       571008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      7791616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            12042624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       571008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         571008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      8964224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          8964224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             40368                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         8922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       121744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               188166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         140066                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              140066                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              129153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        28545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       389507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 602017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        28545                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             28545                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           448127                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                448127                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           448127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             129153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        28545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       389507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1050144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    93397                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.846570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      40634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    93409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.435012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.004105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.842465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.927654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.927911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          10850                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             10850                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          4581                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             4581                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           15431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              15431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          15431                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             15431                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        68948                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           69208                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        75027                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          91667                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        143975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           160875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       143975                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          160875                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11074000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2793337809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2804411809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2924578920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   5046890000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7971468920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2935652920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   7840227809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10775880729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2935652920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   7840227809                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10775880729                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        79798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         80058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        79608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        96248                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       159406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         176306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       159406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        176306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.864032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.864473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942456                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.952404                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.903197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.912476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.903197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.912476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42592.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40513.688707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40521.497645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175755.944712                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67267.650313                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86961.162905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173707.273373                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54455.480528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66982.941594                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173707.273373                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54455.480528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66982.941594                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21388500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1868                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11449.946467                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          57589                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               57589                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        68948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        75027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        91667                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       143975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       160875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       143975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       160875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      7885400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1934214397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1942099797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2724029692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4120752300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6844781992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2731915092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   6054966697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8786881789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2731915092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   6054966697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8786881789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.864032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.864473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.942456                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952404                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.903197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.912476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.903197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.912476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30328.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28053.234278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28061.781832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163703.707452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54923.591507                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74670.077476                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161651.780592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42055.681174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54619.311820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161651.780592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42055.681174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54619.311820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1523372                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4018.178635                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        19144372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1527371                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         12.534199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1140.244233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.000275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    43.161320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    13.076038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2177.681646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    643.014557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.278380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.531661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.156986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.981001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2671045                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       231734                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11114710                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2584491                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               16601980                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         2796268                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              2796268                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        98361                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               98361                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       621218                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               621218                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2671045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       231734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11114710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      3205709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                17223198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2671045                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       231734                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11114710                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3205709                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               17223198                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21817                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7159                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       773786                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       464310                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1267072                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        32568                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             32568                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       283648                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             283648                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       773786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       747958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1550720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21817                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7159                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       773786                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       747958                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1550720                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    496710614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    167360847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17522842525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13738125625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    31925039611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1071552160                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1071552160                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16675348972                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  16675348972                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    496710614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    167360847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17522842525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30413474597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     48600388583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    496710614                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    167360847                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17522842525                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30413474597                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    48600388583                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2692862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       238893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11888496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3048801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           17869052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2796268                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          2796268                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       130929                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          130929                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       904866                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           904866                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2692862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       238893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11888496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3953667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            18773918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2692862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       238893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11888496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3953667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           18773918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.065087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.152293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.070909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.248746                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.248746                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.313470                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.313470                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.065087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.189181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.082600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.065087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.189181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.082600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22767.136362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23377.685012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22645.592612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29588.261345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25195.915947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32901.994596                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32901.994596                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58788.882601                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58788.882601                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22767.136362                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23377.685012                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22645.592612                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40662.008558                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31340.531226                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22767.136362                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23377.685012                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22645.592612                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40662.008558                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31340.531226                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              481006                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   481006                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           44                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                45                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       773785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       464266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1267027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        32568                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        32568                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       283648                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        283648                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       773785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       747914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1550675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       773785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       747914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1550675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    379906329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    127776994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13120932571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11156675167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24785291061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1830670759                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1830670759                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15083357337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15083357337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    379906329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    127776994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13120932571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26240032504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39868648398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    379906329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    127776994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13120932571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26240032504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39868648398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4541273749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4541273749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8798766112                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8798766112                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13340039861                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13340039861                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.065087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.152278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.248746                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248746                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.313470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.313470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.065087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.189170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.082597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.065087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.189170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17413.316634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17848.441682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16956.819492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24030.782282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19561.770239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56210.720922                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56210.720922                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53176.321839                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53176.321839                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17413.316634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17848.441682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16956.819492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35084.291114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25710.512131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17413.316634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17848.441682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16956.819492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35084.291114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25710.512131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        106251                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32024.767448                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1565981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        138470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         11.309172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        21696.600593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.026748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.015780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.255855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.033335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   118.605035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    44.495897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4301.740260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   5859.993946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.662128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.131279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.178833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.977318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21402                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7018                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       764862                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       379718                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                1173000                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          481006                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               481006                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          495                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 495                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       143883                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               143883                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       764862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       523601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 1316883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21402                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7018                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       764862                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       523601                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                1316883                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          415                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          141                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8923                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        84548                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                94027                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54553                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             54553                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       117285                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             117285                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       201833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                211312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          415                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          141                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8923                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       201833                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               211312                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     38654327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13125846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    834476467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4407261303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5293517943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    820972673                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    820972673                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10311145024                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10311145024                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     38654327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13125846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    834476467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14718406327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     15604662967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     38654327                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13125846                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    834476467                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14718406327                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    15604662967                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       773785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       464266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1267027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       481006                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           481006                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        55048                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           55048                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       261168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           261168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       773785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       725434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1528195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       773785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       725434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1528195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.182111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.074211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991008                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.991008                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.449079                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.449079                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.278224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.138276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.278224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.138276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93142.956627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93091.106383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93519.720610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52127.327707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56297.850011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15049.083882                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15049.083882                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87915.292015                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87915.292015                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93142.956627                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93091.106383                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93519.720610                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72923.686052                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.553755                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93142.956627                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93091.106383                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93519.720610                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72923.686052                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.553755                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               82477                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    82477                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        84548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           94027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54553                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        54553                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       117285                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        117285                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       201833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           211312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       201833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          211312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32844042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11147801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    708708473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3218960531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3971660847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3010773934                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3010773934                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8619906610                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8619906610                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32844042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11147801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    708708473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11838867141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12591567457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32844042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11147801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    708708473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11838867141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12591567457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4047733875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4047733875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7838937287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7838937287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11886671162                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11886671162                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.182111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991008                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991008                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.449079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.278224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.138276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.019695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.278224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.138276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79142.269880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79062.418440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79424.910120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38072.580440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42239.578493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55189.887522                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55189.887522                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73495.388242                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73495.388242                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79142.269880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79062.418440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79424.910120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58656.746622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59587.564630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79142.269880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79062.418440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79424.910120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58656.746622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59587.564630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1277445                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1605257                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18433                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      15572                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 10666                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 15567                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 1152863                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     34005                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2882702                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                          1700                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   510881                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   641982                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            921                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            778                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               10155                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              11888505                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                33972855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              11889017                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.857499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33965425                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       33965425                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33965425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        33965425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33965425                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       33965425                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12394582                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     12394582                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12394582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      12394582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12394582                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     12394582                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 167212539728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 167212539728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 167212539728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 167212539728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 167212539728                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 167212539728                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46360007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     46360007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46360007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     46360007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46360007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     46360007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.267355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.267355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.267355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13490.776835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13490.776835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13490.776835                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13490.776835                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13490.776835                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13490.776835                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       110395                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 36798.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       505536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       505536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       505536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       505536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       505536                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       505536                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11889046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11889046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11889046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11889046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11889046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11889046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 119867515499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 119867515499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 119867515499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 119867515499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 119867515499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 119867515499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.256450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.256450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.256450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10082.181152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10082.181152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10082.181152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10082.181152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10082.181152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10082.181152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       239057                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        272917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       239073                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.141563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972576115300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       272546                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       272546                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       272546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       272546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       272546                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       272546                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       239264                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       239264                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       239264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       239264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       239264                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       239264                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4207665503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4207665503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4207665503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4207665503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4207665503                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4207665503                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       511810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       511810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       511810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       511810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       511810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       511810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.467486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.467486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.467486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.467486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.467486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.467486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17585.869596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17585.869596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17585.869596                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17585.869596                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17585.869596                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17585.869596                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3395                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3395                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       239264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       239264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       239264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       239264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       239264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       239264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3473635420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3473635420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3473635420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3473635420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3473635420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3473635420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.467486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.467486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.467486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.467486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.467486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.467486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14518.002792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14518.002792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14518.002792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14518.002792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14518.002792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14518.002792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      2694327                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        352665                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2694343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.130891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       352166                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       352166                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       352166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       352166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       352166                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       352166                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2695649                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2695649                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2695649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2695649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2695649                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2695649                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  44918860927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44918860927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  44918860927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  44918860927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  44918860927                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  44918860927                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3047815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3047815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3047815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      3047815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3047815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      3047815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.884453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.884453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16663.468028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16663.468028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16663.468028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16663.468028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16663.468028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16663.468028                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         7575                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         7575                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2695649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2695649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2695649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2695649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2695649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2695649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  36702661198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36702661198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  36702661198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36702661198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  36702661198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36702661198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13615.519379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13615.519379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13615.519379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13615.519379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13615.519379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13615.519379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               3922272                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               506.077843                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                96423108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               3922775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.580331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          4971521830300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   506.077843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.988433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.988433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     59620872                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       59620872                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     36638212                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      36638212                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     96259084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        96259084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     96259084                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       96259084                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4753318                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4753318                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1044355                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1044355                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5797673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       5797673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5797673                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      5797673                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101555187253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 101555187253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32526493807                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  32526493807                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 134081681060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 134081681060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 134081681060                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 134081681060                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     64374190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     64374190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     37682567                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     37682567                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102056757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    102056757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102056757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    102056757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.073839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027715                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027715                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21365.115326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21365.115326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31145.054897                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31145.054897                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23126.809853                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23126.809853                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23126.809853                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23126.809853                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2785300                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          2785300                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1698506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1698506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        16886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        16886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1715392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1715392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1715392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1715392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3054812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3054812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1027469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1027469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4082281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4082281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4082281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4082281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52225543351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  52225543351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28597192222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28597192222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  80822735573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  80822735573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  80822735573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  80822735573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4740699294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4740699294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9161736893                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9161736893                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13902436187                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13902436187                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027266                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027266                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17096.156278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17096.156278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27832.656968                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27832.656968                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19798.425335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19798.425335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19798.425335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19798.425335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               770577965                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        57626484                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     57626484                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      7457540                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     48913169                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        29689878                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    401433410                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             284137550                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           57626484                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     29689878                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             91181952                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       26599138                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2689781                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     155169545                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       203210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       315540                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         46360009                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      5295163                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes         104965                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    669608199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.810289                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.256968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       581406254     86.83%     86.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         6253438      0.93%     87.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         4481319      0.67%     88.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         6997183      1.04%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         5420605      0.81%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         6135600      0.92%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         6172089      0.92%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         4958201      0.74%     92.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        47783510      7.14%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    669608199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.074783                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.368733                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       396970962                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    167766521                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         84669161                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1586831                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      18614724                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     531707891                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          437                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      18614724                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       402090358                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       49246312                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    106780528                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         81122348                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     11753929                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     515640822                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        50082                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        907372                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      7478073                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        18778                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    567168793                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   1298452246                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1288070045                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10382201                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    431644926                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       135523977                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2926845                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2952680                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         37972005                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     77569419                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     47144866                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      7021733                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4147305                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         493206607                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      4067963                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        464649457                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1146853                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     98583989                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    139638422                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1181289                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    669608199                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.693912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.438911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    490116781     73.19%     73.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     63028319      9.41%     82.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     42676294      6.37%     88.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     25889987      3.87%     92.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     20320468      3.03%     95.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     14130832      2.11%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      8347284      1.25%     99.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      4207019      0.63%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       891215      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    669608199                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         798342     29.97%     29.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     29.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     29.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd       104924      3.94%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       1034952     38.85%     72.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       725517     27.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      3168646      0.68%      0.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    341704080     73.54%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      2835679      0.61%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     73122114     15.74%     90.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     43818938      9.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     464649457                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.602988                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            2663735                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005733                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1596603892                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    590707731                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    448291002                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7059696                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5268223                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3201992                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     460577186                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3567360                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      6585630                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     16810644                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        86966                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       122181                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      9389803                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        96463                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      18614724                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       39709604                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       460766                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    497274570                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      4186581                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     77569419                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     47145277                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3543253                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        182839                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        14529                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       122181                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3108519                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      5133071                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      8241590                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    456870049                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     71085034                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      7779408                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           113921903                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        45853025                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          42836869                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.592893                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             452145114                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            451492994                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        291107040                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        453120683                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.585915                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.642449                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    108198104                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2886674                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      7482770                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    651358028                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.597026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.566992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    521079774     80.00%     80.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     47201403      7.25%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     22069983      3.39%     90.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     23504077      3.61%     94.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     11846210      1.82%     96.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      4907410      0.75%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3868135      0.59%     97.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3155029      0.48%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     13726007      2.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    651358028                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    206432580                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     388877559                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              98514263                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             60758786                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             425978                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          40689793                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           2570126                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        385113807                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     13726007                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          1134120477                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         1012797133                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                5932447                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              100969766                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59299772650                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          206432580                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            388877559                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    206432580                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.732831                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.732831                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.267893                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.267893                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       905603442                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      488785255                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          5720924                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         3023048                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      211444124                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2652955                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2521081                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1220192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        72464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2732318632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       452490355                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3188628508                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2732318632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2732318632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2193269                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    304760045                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       309914722                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            82063                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       152524                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        341539829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         71720832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           413505029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           77670                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        45355508                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           45479450                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             126030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        60998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          136590128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           22620244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             159401312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     136590128                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        136590128                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            109643                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          15235124                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             15492809                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            235673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        60998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         136590128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          37855369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            174894121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1605257                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1277445                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     15572                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18433                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                11617                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                18428                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                1152863                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    34005                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2882702                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                         1700                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  641982                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  510881                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           778                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           921                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               9249                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60073259299                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 255216447                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   482473808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           478116350                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              2044233                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     33062139                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  478116350                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     2044233                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1221703746                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        536781539                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            3412823                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           1669970                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   117143941                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  71735776                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 45408165                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59506286120.745819                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             566973178.254182                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.009438                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.990562                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
